                 2025年 6 月六级真题解 析悌-葡

                                               Part I @Writing ]
。    ・审题•

  题 目 要求 考 生 写 一 篇 以 “随着求职要求越来越高，大学生 应该为未来的职业生涯做好更充 分的准备”
开头的作文，考生可以通过发表 评论、举例子或描述个人经历展开论述。根据题目提示，作文可以采取以下
                                             说明重要
布 局 ：开头段发表个人观点；中间段 列出具体论据；结尾段总结全文 。考生写作时可以使用与“
性” “阐述原因”相关的写作句型。

O    •参考范文& 点 评 •
     As requirements for job applications are getting increasingly higher, college         1 发表个人观点，指出大学
students ought to be better prepared fbr their future career. In today's competitive job   生必须做好准备，以满足
market, being proactive and well-rounded is essential for success. College students        雇主的需求。
must get well-prepared   to meet the employers? demands.1                                             实
                                                                                                学业成绩” “
                                                                                           2 分别从“
     On one hand, academic performance still matters a lot. Students should strive         践 经 验 ”和 “培养软技
to achieve high grades and deepen the understanding of their chosen fields. This can        能”三方面指出大学生必
help build a solid foundation of knowledge. On the other hand, it is indispensable to      须 做 好 哪 些 准 备 ，由连
get practical experience. For example, internships and part-time jobs can help students     接词On one hand、On the
apply theoretical knowledge to practical settings. If students go to work in a company     other hand和Additionally

on holidays, they will get hands-on experience. Additionally, developing soft skills        引出。

such as communication, teamwork, and adaptability is crucial. These skills are highly      3 总结全文，强调大学生需
                                                                                            要以多种方式为未来的职
sought-after by employers and can make a significant difference in job interviews.2
                                                                                           业生涯做好准备。
     In summary, college students need to prepare for their future careers in many
ways. By doing well in school, gaining practical experience, and developing
important skills, they can make themselves more competitive and ready fbr the future
career.3

。    ■范文译文•

     随着求职要求越来越高，大学生应该为未来的职业生涯做好更充分的准备。在当今竞争激烈的就业市场
中，积极主动和全面发展对于成功极其重要。大学生必须做好充足的准备，以满足雇主的需求。
  一方面，学业成绩仍然非常重要 。学生们应该努力取得高分，加深对自己所选领域的理解。这有助于奠
定坚实的知识基础。另一方面，获得实践经验是必不可少的。例 如，实习和兼职工作可以帮助学生将理论知识
应用于实际场景。如果学生在假期去公司工作，他们将获得实践操作经验。此外，培养诸如沟通、团队合作和
适应能力等软技能也至关重要。这些技能受到雇主的高度青睐，并且在求职面试中可以起到重要作用。
     总之，大学生需要以多种方式为未来的职业生涯做好准备。通过 在学校表现优异、获得实践经验以及培
养重要技能，他们可以使自己更具竞争力，为未来的职业生涯做好准备。




 老师说 【本套视频解析中，老师将在写作部分教你如何审题，快速列出思路提纲，还会给大家总结词汇、句式和逻辑升级的高
1分技巧，快来扫描本页视频课二维码收看吧。

                                                                                                    六 级 2025.6 ：
                                                                                                               第一套   1
    ©       •亮点词汇•

            proactive 积极主动的                     strive 努力                                  hands-on 亲自动手实践的
            matter a lo t 非常重要                  indispensable必不可少的                         sought-after备受追捧的

    0•        写作句型•
    U] It is indispensable to...
        句 型 意 为 “……是必不可少的” ，常用于强调某种做法的重要性。
    ② By doing..., they can...
        句型意为“
            通过做…… ，他们可以……” ，常用于强调通过某种做法，人们可以有所收获，加强论证观点。



                                      Part II ® Listening Comprehension


    Section®                                                                                                       露 舞 堂
    Conversation One                                                                                                          晏
    。       ・听力原文•

    M: Good morning. My name is Bob Fetterman. Tm the computer technician.
    W: Didn't I call for you last week?
    M: Maybe? I work fbr Alpha Maintenance. I imagine someone from your office called our central office and I'm the
          engineer designated to your case.
    W: [1] Yeah, I spoke to a lady there last Tuesday, which is now 10 days ago. I made it clear it was an urgent matter and
          please send someone as soon as possible. Couldn't you or someone else have come sooner?
    M: I'm sorry, but Fm not in charge of scheduling all logistics. I simply do not know. [2] All I can tell you is I got the
          call this week and came as soon as I could.
    W: I see. [3] Well, I'll have you know, my manager is rather indignant that it's taken you this long to come. I
       understand it might not be your fault, but nevertheless, you should know what the feeling is around here.
    M: I understand, and I'm sorry for any inconvenience. I will try to resolve your computer problem as swiftly and
          optimally as I can. What and where is the issue?
W: Ifs this machine right here. It was running slow for a while, I guess, and gradually got worse and worse. Last
   Tuesday, it just stopped working altogether. If you switch it on, you will see what I mean.
M: Okay. [4] Do you know if it's backed up?
W: Backed up?
M: I mean, do you know if its contents have been copied and saved somewhere else?
W: I don't know.
M: Well, depending on the ensuing operative scenario, if I need to wipe the system directories clean in order to
         reconfigure default protocols, then my first intervention should be to intricately retrieve all inventories that I can.
   Otherwise, all data that was stored on its hard drive will be forever lost.
W: [4] My manager would know. Let me go get him.

0          •答 案 详 解 •
    1. What did the woman do last Tuesday?女 士 上 周 二 做 了什 么 ？
        A ）见到了电脑维修技术员。                                       C ）给男士所在的公司打了电话。
 B ）向男士讲述了她的麻烦。             D ）去了阿尔法维修公司。
解;•蔚话并买:… 勇王好女王说可能戛看又给植的公奇就百酎江 正话:五王绪出了音荒面容：    …
                                                舁 说 道 ;N 莪王蔺
析：
 1 二 ，也就是 10天 前 ，跟你们公司的一位女士说过。” 由此可知，C项与对话内容相符。

2       六 级 2 0 2 5 . 6 第一套
