      2022 年 9 月大学英语六级考试真题（三）写作和翻译


Part I                 Writing                 (30 minutes)

Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay t加 t begins with the sentence " It is
now widely accepted that mutual trust and openness is the key to promoting cooperation. " You can make
comments, cite examples or use your perso皿l experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more t加n200 words.

参考范文：
                      The Importance of Mutual Trust and Openness in Promoting Cooperation
     It is now widely accepted that mutual trust and openness is the key to promoting cooperation. As for me , I
totally agree with the idea that mutual trust and openness play a crucial role in boosting cooperation.
     To begin with, the best bosses understand the art of delegation. It strongly suggests that mutual trust is the
premise of cooperation. With trust in each other, people of diverse temperaments, experiences, thinking
modes and backgrounds can have a better understanding and communication, thus reducing unnecessary
conflicts and frictions and promoting cooperation. Second, being open and inclusive reinforces the foundation
for win-win cooperation. The Belt and Road Initiative could serve as a perfect example. The initiative
welcomes countries along the routes to actively participate and invites friends from the rest of the world to join
this great project with open arms, which will provide an inclusive platform for all the countries involved.
     In sum, at no time should we underestimate the power of mutual trust and openness to promote
cooperation. In conducting exchanges among colleagues or between countries, we need to be open and stick to
the principle of mutual respect and trust to seize the opportunities for win-win cooperation.


Part N                 Translation                  (30 minutes)

Directions: 几r this pa,rt,   you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a pa,ssage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
     中央电视台总部大楼位于北京市朝阳区，总建筑面积约 55 万平方米 。主楼由两座塔楼组成，因其独
特的造型，成为这座城市的一个热门景点，每天都吸引众多游客前来参观 。大楼 的创新结构是中外建筑师
长期合作的成果，不仅体现了环保意识，而且大大节约了建筑材料 。 中央电视台总部设有一条穿过大楼的
专用通道，向公众展示各个工作室以及中央电视台的历史 。 在那里，参观者还可以看到故宫和北京其他地
方的壮观景色。

参考译文：
     China Central Television (CCTV) Headquarters Building is located in Chaoyang District, Beijing, with a
total floor area of about 550, 000 square meters. The main building consisting of two towers has become a
popular attraction of the city because of its unique shape, attracting many tourists every day. The innovative
structure of the building is attributed to the long-term collaboration between Chinese and foreign architects,
which not only reflects envirorunental awareness, but also greatly saves building materials. CCTV Headquarters
set up a dedicated passage through the building to show the public the various studios and the history of CCTV.
From there, visitors can also enjoy the spectacular views of the Forbidden City and other places in Beijing.

提示：2022年9月六级考试仅考了1套听力和1套阅读。本套试卷，听力和阅读部分和
   淘宝店铺：学海无涯教育提醒您， 2022年9月六级考试仅考了 1套听力和 1套阅读。本套试
第1套完全相同，所以不再重复列出。
卷，听力和阅读部分和第1套完全相同，所以不再单独列出。

                                     2022年9月六级真题第三套第1页，共1页
