5. What do we learn about the woman?
D)【精析】细节辨认题。句(5)中，男士介绍女士时就
明确指出，女士是一名在校大学生，也是一位成功
的年轻企业家。因此答案为D)。
6. What does the woman say about the clothes she
made at first?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。当男士问女士她是受过专业
的服装设计或缝纫方面的培训，还是天生就有制作
服装的才能时,女士给出了否定回答,并且在句（6)
中说，没有人教她做衣服，她刚开始做的衣服大多
数都是灾难。也就是说，女士刚开始做的衣服大多
都是失败的。因此答案D）。
7. Why did the woman persevere in making clothes
for herself?
Section B
Questions 9 to 11. are based on the passage you have just heard.
答案详解
9. What have researchers done for the first time in
 history?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（9)中提到，研究人员说，
这是人工智能首次被用来寻找一种强大的新型抗
六级2022年6月
C）【精析】细节辨认题。男士问女士，既然经常失败，
为什么还要坚持制作服装。女士回答说，自已之所
以能坚持下去，是因为她有这方面的需要。根据句
(7)可知,女士非常高，因此，在普通商店里找不到
合适的衣服。也就是说，她找不到适合自已尺码的
衣服。因此答案为C)。
8. What does the woman plan to do in the future?
D）【精析】细节推断题。男士问女士将来有什么打
算，是否会开一家实体店。女士对男士说，她会继
续在网上经营以降低成本，根据句（8)可知，女士会
增加更多童装，包括男童装、女童装，甚至可能会做
一些婴儿服装。她还希望增加男士服装设计的系
列。由此可知，女士在将来会扩展自已的业务。因
此答案为D)。
生素分子。因此答案为A)。
10. What makes it important to find new antibiotic
drugs?
【精析】细节辨认题。当讨论到为什么寻找新型抗
B)
25
Researchers have identified a potent new antibiotic compound using artificial intelligence. The antibiotic
can kill very dangerous bacteria. According to a study published in the journal Cell , the compound successfully
removed deadly strains of bacteria in mice which are resistant to all known antibiotics.
(9)The researchers say this is the first time that artificial intelligence has been used to find a powerful new
antibiotic molecule. Why does this matter? The answer is antibiotic resistance. This happens when bacteria
develop the ability to survive the medications designed to kill them. .(10) Antibiotic resistance is a serious threat
to health and the problem is growing. This makes finding new antibiotics very important. However, in recent
decades, very few have been developed, and those that have tend to be very similar to drugs already available.
The searches also tend to only focus on a narrow spectrum of chemical compounds, but this is. where artificial
intelligence comes in. Why? To find new drugs, scientists screen molecules to predict how effective they might
be. Typically, such screening is done by humans in the lab, which is both costly and slow. Artificial intelligence
is different. It's fast, and it can process a high volume. It can screen hundreds of millions of compounds to
identify a few interesting candidates that require experimental testing. (11)Artificial intelligence is also able to
predict if compounds are likely to be toxic. Some experts assert that this work signifies a paradigm shift in
antibiotic discovery. It could change drug discovery: more generally.