16. What does the speaker say .about most American
hospitals?
A）【精析】细节推断题。讲话者在讲座开头提供了一
些应对当今美国医疗机构的策略。在句（16)中，
讲话者提到，患者希望得到尊重和体谅。但根据
她的经验，很少有医院或医生愿意这样做。也就
是说,在美国，大多数医院和医生都对患者不够尊
重和体谅。因此答案为A)。
17. What does Karen Brudney suggest patients do?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座中，讲话者提到了凯
伦·布鲁特妮对她说的话，根据句(17)可知，在医
Questions 19'to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
stay connected even after the team breaks up.
members are obliged to share the workload and help out.
六级2022年6月
院的时候，身边有人陪同十分重要，这位随同人员
应该随时记录下每个问题和答案，以及每位医生一
和护士的名字，以此来让医生和护士们有所顾忌，
从而有更好的表现。因此答案为D)。
18. What do American doctors expect their patients
to be, according to Karen Brudney?
【精析】细节辨认题。讲话者借助凯伦·布鲁特妮
C)
的话，表明了美国医护人员对待患者的态度。根
据句(18)可知，他们希望患者是完全被动的。因
此答案为 C)。
127
There are probably teams you've worked with but you never want to work with again. But there must have
also been other teams that you would prize reuniting with professionally. In other words, your team had
vitality. (i9)Vitality comes about when the ties people form with their fellow team members are such that they
What characteristics of a 'team make its members more likely to stay in contact despite no longer working
together? This question has been answered recently in a study published in a business journal..
One of the two key factors the research team discovered is sameness. Specifically, sharing the same gender
or ethnic origin. (20)The more members of a team share similar demographics, the more inclined they will be
to remain associates long after the team has served its purpose. After ties are established, similarity strengthens
them. As a result, they regard these individuals with greater trust and mutual understanding, which motivates
them to seek further opportunities for collaboration. In effect, people tend to create stronger and longer-lasting
connections with similar others. Someone who looks and sounds different from us may have the resources we
need to be more successful. Yet, we find them to be significantly less credible simply because they are
different. If you are a fierce advocate of workplace diversity, you'll no doubt be horrified by such a.revelation.
The second factor identified by the researchers is the quality of the relationships among the team members.
The more: they trust one another, share the same goals and depend on each other for the achievement of those
goals, the stronger their chances of maintaining their connections, despite no longer working as one team:
Teams with quality relationships have a shared belief. that it's safe to take risks with each other, and their