1l. What does the passage say artificial intelligence
is able to do in antibiotic research?
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
universal theory.
techniques and symptom suppression.
person in question, our accuracy rate improves considerably.
答案详解
12. According to the passage, how do most people
detect lying?
C）【精析】细节归纳题。句（12-1)中提到，我们大多
数人都有关于如何判断某人是否在说谎的理论。
我们可能会通过观察那些我们熟悉并经常看到的
人来逐渐形成这一理论，但我们倾向于对那些由
不怎么科学的日常研究中所收集到的东西进行概
括，使之成为一个普遍的理论。句（12-2）中又提
到，不管具体的理论是什么，它通常是以对我们认
识的人的密切观察为基础的。也就是说，大多数
人是通过观察来辨别谎言的。因此答案为C)。
13. What does the passage say about most lies?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(13)中提到，平均来说，我
们每天要面对200次左右的谎言。这些谎言大多
是无害的，但它们终归是谎言。因此答案为D)。
Section C:
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
famous or very rich.
六级2022年6月26
试。根据句（11)可知，人工智能还可以预测化合
物是否可能有毒。因此答案为B)。
14. What have many studies uncovered about the
average person's lie detection?
A）【精析】细节推断题。句(14)中提到，如果对像你
和我这样的普通人进行严格的辨别谎言的测试，
我们做得不比凑巧得出的结果好多少。许多为找
出可靠的谎言检测方法所做的研究和为此进行了
大量尝试的研究人员都可以充分证实这一结果。
也就是说，普通人对于谎言的辨别也不过是凑巧
而已。因此答案为A）。
15. What advice does the new research offer
regarding lie detection?
【精析】细节辨认题。短文临近结尾处，明确指出
B)[
有一项新研究提供了一些关于辨别谎言的建议。
根据句（15）可知，该建议就是：不要使用视觉，而
应该使用听觉。因此答案为B)。
A recent study overturned what we think we know about lying. (12-1)Most of us have a theory about how
to tell if someone is telling a lie. We may develop that theory from observations of those people we know well
and see regularly, but we tend to generalize what we gather from that unscientific daily research and make it a
So we might imagine that liars have evasive eyes, or the oppositethey simply stare at you. Or perhaps it
is more generally nervous behavior we associate with lies. (12-2) Whatever the particular theory, it's usually
based on close observation of people we know.. And we get lots of practice. (13)On average, we're lied to some
200 times per day. These are mostly harmless lies, but lies nonetheless.
But there's a problem with our theories, even though they're based on all these observations. (14) The average
person-you and me tested rigorously on how well we detect lies fails to do better than chance. That's well
established over many studies and lots of attempts by researchers to work out reliable ways to detect lies. It's
even relatively easy to fool lie detectors, the gold standard of lie detection, by training yourself in breathing
Is there any way to get better at detecting lies? The new research offers some surprising advice. (15) Stop
looking and listen instead. It turns out that if we're unable to see the face, but rather focus on the voice of the
Appear to be submissive, humble, grateful and undemanding; show great pleasure when a doctor comes
into your room, even if the visit is brief and useless. Don't challenge anyone with authority unless you are
Those are 'a few strategies for dealing with today's American medical establishment. (16) What patients
want is to be treated with respect and consideration. But in my experience, too few hospitals and doctors are
ready to do that. In his book, A Whole New Life, novelist Reynolds Price recalls that his doctors chose a
crowded hallway as the place to'tell him he might have a tumor on his spinal cord. It did not occur to the two