5. What does the woman say about the man in her
introduction?
C）【精析】细节推断题。句(5-1)中女士介绍说，约翰
不仅是一位受人尊敬的作家，还是当今为数不多的
撰写科学类文书的名人作家之一。根据句(5-2)可
知，男士的4部著作在全球总共售出了700万册，
并被翻译成12种不同的语言。由此可知，男士的
著作畅销全世界。因此答案为C)。
6. What has motivated the man to write his books?
C）【精析】细节推断题。女士问男士是什么让人们对
他的书作如此着迷。男士在句（6)中回答，人们读
他的书是因为超过60%的美国人超重或肥胖，其
他国家也面临类似的问题。总的来说，大家都想知
道如何解决问题。也就是说，超过一半美国人都超
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
your brain and your body.
effective.
答案详解
9. What did researchers discover about rats placed
briefly in a stressful situation?
22年12月六级真题第1套详解
第3页，共15页
重的事实让人们都想知道如何解决这个问题，这也
就驱动了男士去写相关的书。因此答案为C)。
7. Who does the man say his last book was mainly
written for?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。男士在句(7)中明确提到，他
的上一部书主要是为医学界写的。因此答案为
D)。
8. What does the man recommend people do?
B）【精析】细节推断题。句(8)中男士提到，他认为每
个人都需要考虑自己的新陈代谢，吃适合自己身体
需求的东西。他不提倡单一饮食。有些人应该比
其他人摄人更多的碳水化合物。不同的人对蛋白
质和脂肪的需求量不同。也就是说，男士建议人们
遵循个性化饮食。因此答案为B)。
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（9)中提到，研究人员发
现，将老鼠置于压力状态下几个小时就会使它们
Stress is often depicted as negative, but research shows that moderate amounts of it can be beneficial for
First, the benefits for the brain. Studies have shown that short periods of stress can actually bolster
cognitive functioning. (9)Researchers discovered that placing rats in a stressful situation for just a few hours
doubled the growth of new brain cells. The rats also did better on a memory test later on. Scientists think the
multiply, your memory can improve. Viewed from a biological perspective, this makes sense, (1o) because
animals that are better at remembering dangerous situations can avoid them in the future. If an animal
encounters a predator and escapes, for example, it's important to remember where and when that encounter
happened. Experts assert that the same principle applies to humans.
Now, let's turn to how stress benefits the body. This may come as a surprise to laymen. But experts say
that stress can keep you from getting sick. (11)Scientists concede that chronic stress can make you more prone
to illness. But research shows that short periods of stress can actually provide some protection against getting
sick, because it increases your immune functioning. One study shows that rats that experienced brief stress had
a surge of immune cell response, which makes the immune system better prepared to fight illness. For humans,
there's even evidence that experiencing stress before getting vaccinated could help make vaccines more