19. What does the speaker say about a team with
vitality?
【精析】细节推断题。根据句（19)可知，当人们与
其他团队成员形成的联系使得他们即使在团队解
散后也能保持联系时，活力便会产生。也就是说，
有活力的团队，其成员在团队解散后也会保持联
系。因此答案为C)。
20. What do the researchers find out about members
of a team?
B）【精析】细节推断题。根据句(20)可知，团队中拥
有相似人口统计特征的成员越多，他们就越有可
能在团队实现其目标后很长一段时间内保持联
系。联系形成后，相似性会将其强化。于是，他们
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
your income and living off the remaining 80%. "
答案详解
22. What do experts recommend concerning being
thrifty?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座提到节俭时，提到了专
家的建议。根据句（22)可知，该建议是：将收入的
20%存起来，将剩下的80%用于生活。因此答案
为A)。
六级2022年6月
会对这些人有更多的信任和相互理解，这会促使
他们寻求进一步的合作机会。简而言之，团队成
员之间的相似性有助于在未来形成合作关系。因
此答案为B)。
21. What do we learn about the team the speaker is
currently working in?
A）【精析】细节推断题。根据句（21)可知，讲话者所
在团队中的四个成员从人口统计角度上来说各不
相同，但这个团队却是他所经历过的最成功、最有
凝聚力的团队。讲话者不会质疑员工多样性的价
值。由此可见，讲话者目前所在团队的最大特点
就是多样性。因此答案为A）。
23. How does confidence help people to be thrifty?
D）【精析】细节推断题。讲座中说，信心有助于人们
节约。根据句(23)可知，量人为出需要信心，合理
投资也需要信心。理财规划师建议；不要凭感情
做出投资决策，而应该减少对投资的干扰，专注于
长期投资计划。也就是说，信心会让人们专注于
28
An American researcher who studied 6o0 millionaires found how rich you can get comes down to six wealth
factors.. She found that six behaviors are related to net worth potential, regardless of age or income. These
were thriftiness, confidence, responisibility, planning, focus and social indifference.
Being thrifty comes as no great surprise. Spending above your means, spending instead of saving for
retirement, spending in anticipation of becoming wealthy, makes you a slave to the paycheck. (22)"Even with
an astronomical level of income," she wrote, “"to properly build wealth, experts recommend saving 20% of
Having confidence is another key characteristic, as it helps people to be thrifty. (23)It takes confidence to
live within your means. It also takes confidence to invest properly. Instead of making investing decisions with
your emotions, financial planners advise that you should leave your investments alone and focus on a long-term
investment plan. But people can't invest or manage their own money without accepting responsibility for the
didn't acquire their wealth through luck. (24) Millionaires don't count on anyone else to make them rich, and they
don't blame anyone else if they fall short. They focus on things they can control and align their daily habits to
the goals they have set for themselves. They tend to be goal-oriented and hard workers, which enables them to
plan financially and focus on seeing those plans through. 92% of the millionaires surveyed developed a long-
term plan for their money and 97% almost always achieved the goals they set for themselves.
And it is these behaviors that make it easy for them to be socially indifferent. They resist lifestyle creep,
the tendency to spend more whenever one earns more. (25)Essentially, they don't yield to pressure to buy the
latest thing or to keep up with others or what they have acquired. Instead of being focused on what might make
them happy today, they're focused on their long-term wealth-building plan.