9. What does the passage say about forgiveness?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句(9)提到,宽恕对某些受害
者的心理健康至关重要。因此答案为A）。本题各
选项中干扰性最强的是D),因为文中提到了it
propels people forward rather than keeping them
emotionally engaged in an injustice or trauma,但
原文中所表达的意思是“使这些人不再深陷于那
些情感上的偏颇或创伤不可自拔”，而D)选项中
所表达含义是“让他们不经受痛苦难忘的经历”，
故排除D)。
10. When is forgiveness especially challenging?
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
event, the color scheme of the train carriages was updated.
subway customers.
答案详解
12. What does the passage say about the Glasgow
subway in the 1960s?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（12）提到，在20世纪60
年代，造船业出现了衰退，私人运输的普及率上
升。因此，地铁乘客量迅速下降。选项中与之对
应的为A)，所以答案为A)。选项以passengers代
替了原文中的ridership，用dropped sharply来表
述原文中arapiddecline的意思。
13. Why was the Glasgow subway closed in 1977?
C）【精析】细节推断题。句（13)明确指出，1977年，
这条线路被关闭，是因为新的运营商投人大量资
金进行现代化改造，换句话说，关闭地铁是为了完
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22年12月六级第2套详解第4页，共15页
【精析】细节辨认题。句（10)指出，当冒犯的一方
B)
给出的道并不真诚，或者他们根本没有显露出
任何歉意时，宽恕就特别有挑战性。因此答案
为B)。
1l. What should one do in order to forgive the
offender?
【精析】细节推断题。在讲到该如何对冒犯者进行
C)[
宽恕时，句(11)提到，通过逐渐对冒犯者产生同情
来培养宽恕是很重要的，反思冒犯行为是出于恶
意，还是由冒犯者充满挑战的生活环境所造成的。
C)选项符合题意，故为答案。
成线路的现代化改造。因此答案为C)。
14. Why does the Glasgow subway remained
important today?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(14)说，经过改造重新开
通运营后，格拉斯哥地铁的命运发生了重大变化，
作为其他交通方式的可行性替代方案，该地铁大
大缓解了市中心的交通堵塞。因此答案为D)。
15. What does the 'passage say about all subway
stations in Glasgow nowadays?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句(15)提到，所有地铁站都
使用了智能卡售票机和智能闸机等高科技系统。
因此答案为B)。
third underground railway, after London and Budapest. In its long history, it has never been expanded
remaining as a single loop line with a mere 15 stations. At its peak, it served the shipyard workers on the south
side of the city. (12)In the 1960s, there was a decline in the shipbuilding industry, and the popularity of private
transport grew. As a result, the subway saw a rapid decline in ridership.
(13)It ran with little further change until 1977 when its new operators closed it for major modernization
investment. Carriages were replaced, ventilation was improved, and the main depot was also renovated and
fitted with connecting tracks to replace the outdated crane transfer mechanism. The subway in its present form
reopened for operation in April 1980. Since its relaunch, the subway has seen a revival in its fortunes. (14)It
serves as a viable alternative to other forms of transport and has gone a long way to alleviate traffic jams in the
city center. In 1996, the system reached an important milestone100 years. To commemorate this special
(15)Recently, high-tech systems such as smart card ticketing machines and smart gates are used across all
subway stations. The smart card provides more convenient travel and passengers simply top up their cards and
tap them to get in and out the subway. Since its launch, the technology has been adopted by more than 100,000
If you visit the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, chances are you will remember the roadside or