19. What does the speaker say about the cleaning
products industry in recent years?
C）【精析】细节辩认题。句(19)中提到,近年来,许多
国家提供更多环保清洁产品的小公司的数量激
增，而且他们的生意也做得很好。因此答案
为C)。
20. Why are newly developed cleaning products
Selling well?
A）【精析】细节推断题。根据句(20)可知，过去，人们
可能会对声称能够达到惊人的清洁效果的新产品
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
stick.
答案详解
22. What problem might be caused by the growing
piles of coins in fountains?
B）【精析】细节推断题。讲座开头提到，将零钱扔进
喷泉是一种历史悠久的仪式：把一便士扔进水里，
你的愿望可能会实现。但这些钱都得去往别处。
根据句（22)可知，否则的话，越来越多的便士、美
分和欧元可能会堵塞喷泉装置。因此答案为B）。
23. What does the speaker say about the coins
22年12月六级真题第1套详解第6页，共15页
持怀疑态度，但他们现在相信技术有能力完成曾
经被认为不可能的事情。也就是说，消费者现在
对技术有了更多的了解，所以新兴清洁产品会畅
销。因此答案为A)。
21. What are some customers doing to help promote
non-traditional cleaning products?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（21)可知，顾客通过
在社交媒体上留言（称赞它们的优点）来为这些产
品进行营销。因此答案为B)。
collected from New York City's park fountains?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(23)中明确提到,在纽约
市，从公园里的喷泉中收集的硬币通常用于喷泉
的维护。因此答案为 C)。
24. What do we learn about the money collected
from Rome's Trevi Fountain?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座中提到，数百年来都有
游客把硬币扔进罗马著名的特雷维喷泉，罗马官
Throwing spare change into a fountain is a time-honored ritual: throw a penny into the water, and your
wish might come true. But all that money has to go somewhere. (22)Otherwise, the growing piles of pennies,
quarters and euros could clog up the fountain's works. Today, I'm going to talk about where all the coins go.
Well, the coins collected can go to all sorts of different places-from fountain maintenance to charity or
public service. (23) In New York City, for example, coins collected from fountains in public parks often go
towards the fountains' maintenance itself, though entrepreneurs who don't mind getting their hands wet often
cleaned by the parks' staff every few weeks. But most of the coins have already been removed by
entrepreneurial New Yorkers and there is not a significant amount left to be collected.
Other cities, though, can pull in a much more serious haul. Take for example, Rome's famous Trevi
fountain: for hundreds of years, visitors have thrown coins over their shoulder into the fountain to ensure that
reportedly getting as much as $ 4,000 in loose change from around the world each day. (24) Most of the money
collected each night goes towards running a supermarket for the needy. And collecting that cash is serious
one case in 2005, police arrested four fountain cleaners after they were spotted slipping coins into their own
pockets after collecting them. (25) Authorities finally caught one notorious thief named Thomas Morgan and
banned him from the fountain after he fished out thousands of dollars in change over 34 years using a magnetic
For the most part, money collected from privately-owned fountains in the United States also goes to
which puts the cash collected by cleaners towards the fountain's own maintenance. Tens of thousands of dollars
in coins removed from wishing wells, fountains and ponds in Florida's Walt Disney World are donated each year
to support foster children living in the state. Whether or not your wish comes true after tossing a coin into a
fountain, you can rest assured knowing that the change is likely going to someone who needs it.