10. Why do people tend to have clear memories of
dangerous situations they have encountered?
A）【精析】细节推断题。句（10)中提到，更善于记住
危险情况的动物将来可以避开这些危险。例如，
如果动物遇到捕食者并逃脱，记住这种遭遇发生
的地点和时间是很重要的。专家断言，同样的原
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
答案详解
12. What does the speaker say is a common problem
with managers?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(12)中提到，对于许多管
理者和担任领导职务的人来说，处理电子邮件让
人左右为难。就数量、重要性和紧迫性而言，日常
电子邮件的不可预测性、不可控制性和持续性可
能导致他们的焦虑程度上升以及领导能力下降。
因此答案为D)。
13. What may happen when managers ignore minor
problems?
D）【精析】细节推断题。根据句(13)可知，管理者们
忽略了起初可能只是小问题的事情，直到这些事情
不幸由于疏忽而不可避免地变成了重大问题或危
机。也就是说，忽视小问题可能会导致重大问题。
因此答案为D)。
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
from a different fieldmarketing.
过的危险情况有清晰的记忆是为了将来避开它
们。因此答案为A)。
1l. What do scientists believe chronic stress can do?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(11)中明确提到，科学家
承认，长期的压力会让人更容易生病。因此答案
为 C)。
14. What are leaders expected to do in pursuing their
strategic goals?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(14)中提到，作为领导者，
B)[
他们应该激励自己的团队去追求长期战略目标，
应该少些雄心而更实际地监控团队的日常产出、
设定明确的预期并定期提供反馈。因此答案
为B)。
15. How can a manager best avoid being distracted
by email?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。短文中提到，领导者必须从
其他任务中转移资源来查看、过滤和回复电子邮
件。根据句（15)可知，这一问题的解决方法是培
养自制力，就像肌肉一样—一随着时间的推移，肌
肉可以通过锻炼得到加强或改善。因此答案
为A)。
(12) For many managers and people who work in leadership positions, dealing with emails is a dilemma.
It's likely the unpredictable, uncontrollable and ongoing nature of day-to-day email in terms of volume,
importance and urgency contributes to their levels of anxiety and to diminished leadership skills. That's because
it's not unusual for many leaders to prioritize email management over people management. An obsession with
managing their inbox prevents them from dealing with their employees. (13)As a result, they ignore the issues
that might only be mild problems at first, until unfortunately, they inevitably transform into a major problem
or crisis by virtue of neglect. (14)As leaders, they are expected to motivate and inspire their team in pursuit of
longer term strategic goals and also, less ambitiously but more practically, to monitor their daily output, to set
clear expectations, and to give regular feedback. When presented with a choice between the appeal of their
inbox and other more important activities, many sacrifice the latter. Daily email demands have a negative
impact on their goal progress. This is because leaders must divert resources from other tasks to check, filter and
respond to emails. (15)The solution is cultivating self-control which is like a muscle it can be strengthened or
improved over time through exercise. Some suggestions include making space in your diary for the only periods
during which you'll be checking emails, setting a timer for yourself so you don't become distracted by your
inbox for too long, turning off email alerts so you're not interrupted by them.
In last week's lecture, we talked about the problems caused by poor eating habits, focusing on how medical
professionals are trying to solve these problems. Today, we'll continue with the topic, but focus on research
Now, what can marketing tell us about improving nutrition? Well, (16)a team of marketing professors has
studied the importance of the visual aspect of food and how that influences food choices.
presume, and might hold the key to encouraging better eating. So how important is the appearance of food?
Research shows that just seeing an appealing photograph of a hamburger in an advertisement, for example,
22年12月六级真题第1套详解第4页，共15页