16. What does the speaker say about the bears in
national parks now?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(16)提到，由于在国家公
园中不允许干扰当地动物，这种保护消除了生活
在那里的野生熊类对人类的恐惧，选项中的
unafraidof humans是对原文中breakdownthe
wildbears'fearof humans这一部分的同义转述。
因此答案为C)。选项中干扰性比较强的是D)，
因为原文中也提到熊经常去翻垃圾桶，但这与选
项中的“它们特别喜欢垃圾”所表述的意思还是有
一定的偏差，故排除D)。
17. What does the speaker say about visitors feeding
bears in national parks?
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
knowledge.
keep us from really knowing and understanding each other.
22年12月六级第2套详解第5页，共15页
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（17)明确指出，在公园中
是严格禁止对熊进行喂食的，违反规定者会被逮
捕。因此答案为A)。
18. What is the speaker's advice to people who carry
some food while hiking on a park trail?
【精析】细节推断题。句（18)提到，虽然徒步旅行
B)
者在公园小路上遇到熊的概率很小，但这也不是
绝对不可能发生的事情，因为熊似乎有某种天赋，
能够看出来人们身上是否有吃的，而且他还可能
会坚持索要。由此推测，讲话者是想告诉那些在
公园小路上徒步旅行的人，他们还是有可能会碰
上需要食物的大熊的。因此答案为B)。
Why do we form opinions or attitudes about someone or something without really knowing much about
them? Just hearing something good or bad about a person, a place or thing can influence our opinions positively
or negatively. But letting the opinions of another person determine what our opinions will be is dangerous:. (19)
Forming opinions about someone or something before really knowing them well is called prejudice. " Pre-"
means before and “"-judice” refers to judgment. Hence, prejudice means to judge before having adequate
We can be prejudiced toward or against someone or something. In either case, we are only allowing
ourselves to see half of the picture. Very few people or things in this world are all good or all bad. Prejudiced
attitudes are usually based on myths, half truths or incorrect information, (20)and they are dangerous because
they can keep us from learning the truth about someone or something. People form prejudices against others for
many reasons--differences in their race, religion, gender or occupation. Prejudices keep people apart. They
We should feel proud of who we are and the group of people we represent. (21)If feelings of pride begin to
turn to feelings of superiority when we think that our group or our beliefs are better than those around us,
however, then we begin to develop prejudiced attitudes that can be harmful. For example, the prejudiced
attitudes of one group may keep another group from attending certain schools, from living in any neighborhood