5. What do we learn about one of the newest
additions to the gallery's collection?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句(5)可知，男士向女士
介绍画廊的新增画作，并告诉女士其中第一幅作品
是由画家自己捐赠给画廊的。因此答案为C)。
6. What does the man say about one of the most
acclaimed paintings by Daniel Gregory?
D)【精析】细节辨认题。男士向女士介绍画廊展出的
丹尼尔·格雷戈里的另一幅作品时，在句（6)中提
到，那是画家最受赞誉的一幅作品，并说这幅作品
是由一位不愿意公开姓名的私人收藏家购买后借
给画廊进行展出的，由此可知，那幅作品属于这位
匿名收藏家。因此答案为D)。
7. Why does the woman say she can feel immersed in
the scene in the painting?
B）【精析】细节推断题。根据句（7)，女士先感慨于画
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
forgiveness provides physical health benefits.
by challenging circumstances in the offender's life.
22年12月六级第2套详解第3页，共15页
作中有大量的细节，之后向男士感叹她有一种身临
其境的感觉，由此可以推断，是那些细节让她有了
这样沉浸其中的感觉。因此答案为B)。虽然女士
马上也指出她特别喜欢画面中湖光山色所形成的
对称之美，但C）选项中的perfectlysymmetrical
过于绝对，故排除。
8. How does the man describe Daniel Gregory?
B）【精析】细节推断题。男士说，画家丹尼尔·格雷
戈里一点儿都不古怪。接着句(8)提到，她非常平
易近人，也特别聪明。选项中用近义词nice替代
了原文中的easygoing，保留了原文中的
intelligent，并且没有采用原文中的“one of the
most..."这样的表达方式，而是直接使用副词very
来修饰形容词nice和intelligent，但这些小的变化
并不改变意思的表达。因此答案为B)。
Forgiveness is the release of resentment or anger. Forgiveness doesn't mean reconciliation. We don't have
to return to the same relationship, nor do we have to accept the same harmful behaviors from an offender. (9)
Forgiveness is vitally important for the mental health of certain victims. It propels people forward rather than
keeping them emotionally engaged in an injustice or trauma. Carrying the hurt or anger of an offense leads the
body to release stress chemicals. Eliminating the perpetual flow of those chemicals may also explain why
There are scenarios in which forgiveness is not the best course. Sometimes the victim becomes more
empowered when they give themselves permission not to forgive. (1o)Forgiveness can be challenging. This is
especially true when the offending party offers an insincere apology, or maybe they haven't offered anything at
all. However, it's often the healthiest path forward. (ll)It's important to cultivate forgiveness by developing
compassion for the offender, reflect on whether the act was due to malicious intent, or whether it was caused