16. What does the speaker say a team of marketing
professors has studied?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(16)中提到，一个营销教
授团队研究了食物视觉方面的重要性以及它如何
影响食物选择。因此答案为D)。
17. How have medical professionals tried to fight
obesity?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（17)可知，医疗专业
人员试图通过关注不同食物中的营养成分和强调
碳水化合物、脂肪、糖和卡路里等的含量来对抗肥
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
dollars a year and is dominated by large global companies.
胖流行病。因此答案为A)。
18. What can other companies learn from the
example of the carrot promotion campaign?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座中提到了一个通过强调
胡萝卜的外观和口感而成功将胡萝卜的销售量提
高的案例。句(18)中讲话者提到，研究人员认为，
其他公司可以通过类似的广告来增加健康食品的
销量，将他们的产品描述为有吸引力和快乐的源
泉。因此答案为B)。
The household cleaning products industry really began to take off in the 1950s. Prior to that resourceful
housewives, who had grown up in a less prosperous era, relied on substances that they used in their kitchens
such as vinegar used to clean windows. Today, the household cleaning products industry is worth billions of
(19)In recent years, however, many countries have witnessed a surge in the number of small businesses and
companies offering more environment-friendly cleaning products, and they're doing good business, too. One
reason for this is that consumers are becoming more aware of environment and sustainability issues. They also
knowledge about technology has never been greater. (20) In the past, people might have been skeptical of a
new product claimed to be able to achieve amazing cleaning results, but they now have faith in technology's
ability to do what was once thought impossible. There is perhaps no better example of this than a patented cloth
sold by one company, which remarkably uses only water rather than traditional cleaning products. The
company claims its cloth lifts, traps and removes dirt and bacteria. And considering that people don't see these
products in shops, or advertised on TV or in the press, it has been a pretty steep rise. Many of the people
behind these companies began testing the viability of their products by selling them at local markets. Then, in
many cases, (21)customers are doing the marketing for these products by leaving threads of comments on social
media, praising their virtues. There are also TV shows and books dedicated to maintaining home tidiness and
cleanliness and the benefits of having a clean home. Having a safe and clean home might be one thing people
22年12月六级真题第1套详解第5页，共15页