19. What does the speaker say about prejudice?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（19)提到，在真正了解某
人或某事之前形成对他们的看法被称为偏见。也
就是说，没有足够的信息就做出判断，即为偏见。
因此答案为B）。选项中用adequateknowledge
对原文中的reallyknowingthemwell进行了同
义转述。
dangerous?
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
American student.
best I can.
答案详解
22. How did the speaker feel when he started high
school?
D）【精析】细节辩认题。根据句（22），讲话者提到他
刚上高中的时候，就感到特别震惊。因此答案
为D)。
23. What did the speaker once think of teenage
friendships?
A）【精析】细节推断题。根据句(23），讲话者说，很多
22年12月六级第2套详解第6页，共15页
D）【精析】细节推断题。由问题中的dangerous一词
可以比较容易地找到答案在句（20)，讲话者提到，
偏见很危险，因为它们使我们无法了解某人或某
事的真相。因此答案为D)。
21. When does the speaker say we begin to develop
prejudiced attitudes?
【精析】细节辨认题。句（21)提到，当我们的自豪
感开始转变为优越感时，我们就会开始形成带有
偏见的态度。因此答案为A)。
人在十几岁的时候都认为那时候形成的友谊可以
持续一生，但其实，慢慢地，工作、家庭、悲剧事件
会让人们逐渐疏远，友谊也不复存在。虽然原文
中没有提到时间的推移，但其他三个选项都无法
从原文中找到依据，所以只有A)选项与讲座中的
这段话意思相近。因此答案为A）。
24. What do we learn about the speaker when he
returned from the Vietnam war?
(22)When I started high school, it was a shock. I had spent eight years fighting my way to be the most
9th grader bullied by the big, tough 12th grade seniors who ran the high school. I realized then that it's nice to
strive for something, but that you also have to enjoy the moment you're in and be happy where you are. Rock
and roll had always been an important part of my life. I remember my friends and I used to drive around until
the late hours of the nights listening to the music of Rock and Roll Legends. (23)During those teenage years, I
built friendships that I thought would last a lifetime. Most people that age think the same thing, but people
drift apart. Jobs, families and tragedies separate people from those lasting friendships.
The tragedy that separated me from my friends forever was the Vietnam war. A year after I graduated
from high school, I left for Vietnam. I came back, burned out, and tired, (24-1)as though I had lived 10
lifetimes in the short span of 14 months, the 14 months I was in the war. I couldn't relate to the friends I had
had in high school. (24-2)They still seem childish, concerned with childish things that weren't important to
me. I was still trying to cope with the death, destruction and evil I had seen in Vietnam. I felt like we had done
terrible things to innocent people there and in turn, I had seen terrible things done to my friends.
I withdrew for my friends and started college. Then I quit college and took many different jobs. I spent a
lot of my time and money on alcohol and other drugs. Finally, in an effort to get my life going in the right
direction again, I sold everything and took what little money I had and bought myself an airplane ticket to
Israel. I went there to study history. While studying at Haifa University, I met my wife, who was also an
I now teach in a high school back in America. I look at my students and see them struggling with many of
the very things I struggled with many years ago. (25)As a teacher, I try to help them over the rough spots as