5. What do we learn from the conversation about
Mr. Sanchez?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句(5)可知，桑切斯先生
是皇家马德里队的一位著名足球运动员，在公众中
的知名度非常高。因此答案为C)。选项中的well
known是录音中highprofile的同义转述。
6. What will the man do if he gets the job?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（6)可知，男士将会成
为桑切斯先生的私人助理，替桑切斯先生做一些日
常琐事。因此答案为A)。
7. What does the man say about himself?
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
答案详解
9. Why do extreme sports appeal to many kids?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句(9)可知，与传统的团
队运动相比，冒险运动没有那么多的规则和压力，
却能带来户外体育活动的所有益处。因此答案
为D)。
10. What does the speaker say about risk-free
activities?
C)【精析】细节推断题。句(10)中，讲话者提到，没有
风险的活动剥夺了孩子们考验自已以及克服恐惧
第3页，共15页
D)【精析】细节辨认题。句(7)中，男士告诉女士，这
是他大学毕业后的第一份工作，所以，他此前是没
有多少工作经验的。因此答案为D)。
8. Why does the man think he is a very competitive
candidate?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。当女士问男士他认为自已为
什么能够胜任这份工作时，男士提到了两点：第一，
热爱足球；第二，他对公司在体育咨询方面的工作
非常酷，他的语言技能在将来会很有用。根据句
(8)可知，男士精通英语、西班牙语和法语。因此答
案为B)。
的机会。从某种角度上来说，克服恐惧的过程也是
培养勇气的过程。因此答案为C)。
1l.What should parents do if they decide adventure
sports are a bit too much for their kids?
B)【精析】细节推断题。句(11)中提到，如果父母认
为冒险运动有点太过了，那就应该让孩子们有机会
接触一些其他形式的户外冒险运动。也就是说，让
孩子参加一些不那么危险的户外冒险运动。因此
答案为B)。
Adventure sports are undeniably attractive to many energetic and thrill-seeking kids. Sports like rock
climbing, surfing, sking, and mountain biking, thus have lots of appeal. (9)They don't have many of the rules
and pressures of traditional team sports, but they still have all the benefits of outdoor physical activity.
When properly supervised, extreme sports can be a part of a healthy, balanced life. Some adventure sports
when not to. (10)Risk-free activities deprive kids of the opportunity to test themselves and overcome their
fears. But to some, these very risks are what makes these sports a bad choice. They say that extreme sports can often
lead to devastating injuries, especially as young thrll-seekers may attempt feats that are too advanced for them.
But let's be real. Most kids do all kinds of dangerous stuff whether you want them to or not. Adventure
sports have many of the same risks and dangers, but they have an additional sense of adventure, courage and
autonomy that is important to foster in young children. As always, it's up to parents to decide what's best for
their kids. (11)But if you do decide that adventure sports are a bit too much, do try to introduce other forms of
outdoor adventures into their lives. Camping under the stars, fishing, stargazing or even just playing in the
woods can help a lot in building the same sense of self-confidence and risk-taking as in adventure sports.