A)它会对我们的情绪和情感产生影响。
B它可以使我们活得更健康、更长寿。
B)一个人的健康状况与其社会背景有关。
究的结果，故排除选项A和B；选项C在文中未提及，故排除。
关于这项新研究样本中的男性，文章说了什么？
A)他们从自己已的事业成就中获益良多。
C)他们和自己的配偶有很多共同之处。
D）他们比自己的配偶受过更多教育。
B)他们对自已配偶的职业感兴趣。
Passage Two
·听力原文·
C)它可以显著改善我们的财务状况。
D)它可以帮助我们取得更好的工作业绩。
D）配偶的受教育程度会影响一个人的健康状况。
六级2023.12第二套）25
9.Whatdoesresearchsuggestaboutahigherlevelofeducation？关于更高的教育水平，研究表明了什么？
解文章开头即指出，研究表明，受教育程度越高，健康状况就越好，甚至更长寿，故选项B正确，选项中的
live a healthier and longer life是对原文中lead to better health and even greater longevity的同义转述。文中并未
提及受教育程度对情绪、情感、财务状况和工作业绩的影响，因此，其他三项均排除。
10.Whatdowelearnfromthefindingofthenewresearch？我们从这项新研究的结果中得知什么？
A)一个人的健康状况在婚前和婚后往往会不同。C)一个人的配偶越富有，这个人就越健康。
解文章在提到这项新研究的结果时指出，研究团队发现，配偶受教育程度较高的人往往报告健康状况较好，
这与选项D的说法相符，故D项正确。社会背景、婚前婚后的健康状况都是新研究参考的因素，不是该研
1l. What does the passage say about the men in the sample of the new research?
解文章结尾处提到，这个样本中的女性受教育程度和职业成就都低于男性，选项D是对这句话的反向推
理，故选项D正确。选项A是根据文中词汇reapthe benefits设置的干扰项，文中指出研究人员认为个人可
以从伴侣的受教育程度中获益，而不是男性从自已的事业成就中获益，故排除；选项B是根据文中词汇
occupational achievements设置的干扰项，文中指出样本中的女性职业成就低于男性，并没有提到男性对自
已配偶的职业感兴趣，故排除；选项C在文中并未提及，故排除。
Climate scientists predict that many parts of the world will be increasingly prone to floods. This is a serious risk to
human lives and property. [12] So understanding and accurately forecasting flood risks is a key challenge for vulnerable
cities around the globe. In 2017, Derek Loftis of the Virginia Institute of Marine Science started a project called Catch
the King. It uses a smartphone app to collect the data of ordinary citizens during high tides. [13] He'll use those data
to validate and improve his mathematical flooding model, called TideWatch. [14] Loftis's mission is to know where
the water goes before it goes there. But collecting necessary data and then processing that information quickly enough
to make usable forecasts is anything but easy. Accurate flood forecasts require an understanding of the situation on the
ground. By the early 2000s, supercomputing had advanced enough that scientists could integrate weather forecasting
models with such measurements. But they still didn't have the critically important ability to forecast fast-moving
floods in real time. [15] So, in 2017, Loftis and colleagues set up a group of 28 Internet-connected water-level sensors
height and movement to a computer at the Virginia Institute. Along with those sensors, hundreds of local citizens take