Part I
Writing
参考范文
How to Eliminate Appearance Anxiety
professional.
and healthier life.
Part I
Listening Comprehension
Section A
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
way home from work but never seem to have time to stop.
for her, and they offered alternative dishes.
M: But you're not a vegetarian, are you?
vegetarian diet? Why did they decide to do that?
M: In that case, I might give it a try someday.
W: Now back to the menu. What are you going to have?
答案详解
1. Where does the conversation most probably take
place?
A)【精析】细节辨认题。女士在句(1)中提到了菜单，
还说自已有个朋友上周在这里吃过饭。由此可知，
他们是在一家饭店里。因此答案为A)。
2. What do we learn about the woman?
D）【精析】细节辩认题。当男士问女士她是否是一个
第1页，共13页
素食主义者时，女士在句(2)中回答说“不完全是”，
并解释说自已不吃肉，但吃鱼、海鲜或蛋没有问题。
由此可知,女士不是完全的素食主义者。因此答案
为D)。
3. What would be a difficult thing to do according to
the woman?
B）【精析】细节理解题。男士问女士不吃肉是不是非
People are now increasingly aware of the danger of “appearance anxiety"' or being obsessed with one's
depression, anxiety, eating disorders and other health issues. It can also cause some people to spend excessive
amounts of money on cosmetic procedures, products and fashion items, leading to financial difficulties.
To eliminate appearance anxiety, it's essential to acknowledge that everyone is unique and there is no one-
size-fits-all standard of beauty. It is crucial to promote self-love and self-acceptance, and encourage people to
embrace their individuality and appreciate themselves for who they are. Additionally, self-care practices such
as healthy eating, regular exercise, enough sleep and relaxation can improve overall wellbeing and boost self-
confidence. Besides, if appearance anxiety is significantly affecting your life, seek the help of a mental health
In summary, eliminating appearance anxiety requires a combination of positive self-talk, self-care and
M: Thanks for inviting me out tonight. I've been wanting to try this place for weeks. I usually pass it on my
W: I've been dying to come here as well. (1)I was worried that the menu might not be accommodating. But
one of my close friends ate here last week. She's a vegetarian. She told me that there were a lot of options
W: (2) Well, not entirely. I don't eat meat at all, but I don't have a problem eating fish, seafood or eggs.
M: Isn't that very difficult? I can't imagine giving up a premium juicy steak or bacon cheese burgers.
W: I wouldn't know. My parents followed the same diet. Even when I was younger, we never had meat during
meals, and I never really had a craving to try it. (3)I bet it would be hard though, giving up something
you're accustomed to eating. I tried cutting back on coffee in the morning, and it was awful. Come to think
of it, it was probably even worse for my colleagues that had to deal with me at morning meetings.
M: That's even harder to imagine -you, without coffee. So you say your parents also followed a partially
They're not terribly active or knowledgeable about animal preservation efforts, but they're serious about
their health. Both are in their 7Os now, but eat organic as often as possible and take part in regular physical
exercise. (4)Neither of them has any health problems, and they hardly ever get sick.