16. What does the speaker say the new study
suggests?
A）【精析】细节推断题。句(16)中，讲话者提到，一项
新的研究表明，焦虑程度较高的人可能比焦虑程
度较低的人更能记住某些信息。也就是说，较高
的焦虑水平可能会提高人们的记忆力。因此答案
为 A)。
17. What did researchers do first in the new study?
C【精析】细节辨认题。讲话者讲述了新研究的细
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
another company that will answer them quickly.
stick with you.
第5页，共15页
节。根据句（17)可知，研究人员以对80名本科生
进行焦虑测试开始了这项研究。因此答案为C)。
18. What do we learn from previous studies about
anxiety?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(18中，讲话者提到，先前
B)
的研究发现，像被诊断为患有焦虑症的人所经历
的那种极度焦虑对记忆力和认知表现损害相当
大。也就是说，极度焦虑会对认知表现产生负面
影响。因此答案为B）。
Over the past 20 years, the internet has gradually become a dominant feature of our lives. It has changed
how we communicate with each other, and it has definitely transformed the way we do business with each
other. Marketing has also changed in a number of ways. For instance, in the past consumers had to call a phone
number and patiently wait on hold, in order to get the information they wanted. (19)Today, they want the
information immediately. They'll go to the company's social media page and post comments and questions,
expecting to receive an immediate response. If they don't get their questions answered soon, they'll move on to
Marketing departments today need to follow technological development. For example, this year's
smartphone is smarter than last year's; self-driving cars are now on the road. Marketers have to do research on
which technologies are coming into being. Otherwise they risk being left behind in the virtual dust. Marketing
has also changed due to the importance of video. People don't just want to read text; they want to watch things
happening. Companies now have to explore how they can use video on a consistent basis to share information
about their businesses. Fortunately, it's extremely easy to shoot something these days. All you need is a
smartphone. But what's the result of all this? Shorter attention spans. We are the same people that we were 20
years ago. Not only have we grown accustomed to getting the information we want instantaneously, our
attention spans are much shorter. If something doesn't capture our attention within a few seconds, we're on to
the next piece of content. (20)Marketers need to figure out ways to speak directly to the customer's emotions
and they need to figure out how to do that as quickly as possible. Once people are emotionally engaged, they'll
If marketing has changed this much in the past 20 years, imagine what the next 20 years will bring. In a
recent survey, only 9% of marketers could say with confidence that their marketing efforts were actually
working. Their confidence is being shaken, because the rules of the game change every year. (21)That's why
it's important for marketers to pay attention to the latest technological developments and consider collaborating
with technological innovators. That way, they'll be moving at the same pace as the tech industry.