9. Why does the speaker say athletes are often
viewed as heroes?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（9)中，讲话者提到，运动
员被人们视为英雄，因为他们可以做到我们大多
数人做不到的事情。因此答案为B)。
10. What does the speaker say many high-profile
players do?
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
money requests.
答案详解
12. What does the speaker say about weddings?
A）【精析】细节理解题。句（12)中，讲话者提到，即
使有最细致的预算，也必然会发生一些意想不到
的支出。也就是说，婚礼的费用经常会高于预期。
因此答案为 A)。
13. What do we learn about the wedding of the
Canadian woman Susan?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句(13)中提到，苏珊在脸书
上发布了一条关于她现已取消的婚礼的怪异抱
怨。由此可知，苏珊的婚礼已经被取消了。因此
答案为B）。短文中提到这场梦幻婚礼的预算是6
万美元，但没说婚礼共花费6万美元，因此排除
A)；短文中提到只有8个受邀人同意支付1500
美元来参加婚礼，而不是说婚礼只有8位宾客，因
此排除C)；短文中提到，当婚礼无法按预期举行
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
第3页，共13页
【精析】细节辨认题。句(10)中，讲话者提到，许多
高知名度的运动员努力成为孩子们的正面榜样。
因此答案为 C)。
1l. What does the speaker say can be difficult?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句(11)中,讲话者提到,将运
动员的职业生活和个人生活分开可能很困难。因
此答案为A)。
时，苏珊的未婚夫建议他们去拉斯维加斯结婚，但
被苏珊否决了，因此排除D)。
14. What did Susan's maid of honor advise her to do?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句（14)中提到，苏珊的伴娘
告诉她应该坚持预算。选项中的keepto是录音
中stick to的同义替换。因此答案为C)。
15. How did Susan respond to her future husband's
suggestion?
【精析】细节辨认题。短文中提到，苏珊的未婚夫
D)[
意识到他们支付不起这场梦幻婚礼的时候，提出
了要去拉斯维加斯结婚的建议。根据句（15）可
知，苏珊很快就拒绝了这一想法。选项中的
rejected是录音中shutdown的同义替换。因此
答案为D)。
a few unexpected costs are bound to occur. While most brides tend to accept this as fact, one Canadian woman,
who is only known as Susan, attempted to avoid all wedding costs. She did this by asking her friends and family
to pay up to attend her wedding. It went about as well as you'd expect. (13)Susan is causing quite the debate
online after posting a bizarre Facebook complaint about her now-canceled wedding.
Yes, the couple called off the wedding just days before their wedding vows. Since their guests refused to
pay the $1,500 attendance fee, the $60,000 dream wedding was put on permanent hold, and her long
and her life. She stated that each guest would only need to pay $1,500 while she sacrificed everything for the
day. (14)Her maid of honor told her to stick to the budget, as she was asking too much from her guests. But
Susan ignored her. Not surprisingly, only eight people responded positively to the wedding invitations and
Realizing they would not be able to afford their dream wedding, Susan's future husband suggested getting
married in Las Vegas. (15) The bride quickly shut down the idea, saying she did not want a wedding of
gambling and heavy drinking. It seems her dream wedding has now become a nightmare.
It has long been scientifically established that weather changes can affect people's moods. (16)Now, a new