C)它有助于摆脱经济衰退。
A)这是成员用来缓解团队关系紧张的方法。
B）这是雇主们越来越追求的。
for的同义转述。
A）做出更好的选择。
B)遵循创新理念。
关于如今的工作文化，我们从文章中得知什么？
A)员工表现出更高的情商。
B)员工用大脑比用体力多。
当变化发生时，有适应能力的员工能够做什么？
A)尽快离开小组。
B)很好地提前预料挫折。
Section
Recording One
·听力原文·
fulfillment of expectations.
novelty, innovation is key.But who innovates?
6六级2023.12第一套
D)这是学习一项新任务的必要条件。
C)适当获得认可。
D)积累工作经验。
C)人们的工作时间通常比较灵活。
D）人们经常团队合作。
C迅速决定新的优先事项。
D）自信地坚持最初的目标。
12. Why does the speaker say adaptability is an important skill to exercise in the workplace?
为什么讲话者说适应能力是人们在职场中要锻炼的一项重要技能？
文章开头便提出问题：为什么说适应能力是在职场中要锻炼的一项重要技能？接下来第二句就回答了这
个问题：适应能力是雇主越来越追求的一项技能。因此，选项B正确，选项中的seekingafter是文中looking
13. What does adaptability enable us to do according to strategy consultant Dorie Clark?
根据战略顾问多莉·克拉克的说法，适应能力使我们能够做什么？
文章开头在提出了适应能力的重要性之后，引出了战略顾问多莉·克拉克的解释。她的解释很长，还列举
了几个例子，最后才得出结论一一适应能力能让你根据实际情况采取适当的行动，做出更准确、更明智和
更有效的选择。选项A是对这个结论的概括，为正确选项。其他三个选项文中都未提及，故均排除。
14. What do we learn about today's work culture from the passage?
解文章后半部分提到，如今的工作文化和管理方式往往基于团队合作，而不是过于严格的等级制度。因此，选项D
正确，workinteams是对文中basedonteamwork的同义转述。其他三个选项文中都未提及，故均排除。
15. What are employees with adaptability able to do when changes occur?
文章最后指出，灵活的员工能在变化发生时迅速调整优先次序，并在某些事情行不通时提出额外的调整建
议。因此选项C正确，选项中的Decideonnewpriorities和speedily分别对应原文中的reprioritize和quickly。
[16] What makes humans different from other species? Some philosophers argue it's morals or ethics, while some
scientists assert it's our greater cognitive development. But I argue that the main difference is our desire to combat
routine. This makes being creative a biological mandate, as what we seek in art and technology is surprise, not simply a
As a result, a wild imagination has characterized the history of our species. We build intricate habitats, devise
complex recipes for our food, wear clothes that reflect constant changes in fashion, communicate with elaborate signs,
symbols, and sounds, and travel between habitats on wings and wheels of our own design. To satisfy our appetite for
Now, many people, both laymen and experts, believe that only geniuses innovate. [17] But I believe that
innovation is not something that only a few people do. The innovative drive lives in every human brain, and the
resulting war against the repetitive is what powers the massive changes that distinguish one generation from the next.
The drive to create the new is a trait of being human. We build cultures by the hundreds and tell new stories by the