9. When did Kate Atkinson begin to write for women's magazines?
凯特·阿特金森是何时开始为女性杂志撰稿的？
A)当她开始在苏格兰爱丁堡大学教书时。
C)在出版了她的第一部小说《博物馆的幕后故事》之后。
D）在1986年的“女性自己的短篇小说比赛”中获奖之后。
B)当她还在攻读美国文学的博士学位时。
撰稿之后，故选项B、C都排除。
A）爱与失去的主题。
C)怪人的罪恶和缺陷。
B)人类行为准则。
D)时尚圈的礼仪。
eccentrics、fashionablecircles等设置的干扰项，故均排除。
对于风俗喜剧中聪明而又狡诈的人物，我们了解到什么？
iC)他们经常得到奖励而不是受到惩罚。
A)他们通常对复杂的人际关系一无所知。
B)他们成功地模仿了名人的举止。
D)他们在社会上普遍被瞧不起。
到，故均排除。
Passage Two
·听力原文·
六级2023.12（第一套）5
解文章开头部分提到，1986年，她在“女性自已的短篇小说比赛”中获奖，之后开始为女性杂志写文章。
由此可知，凯特·阿特金森是在作品获奖之后开始为女性杂志撰稿的，故选项D正确。文中并未提到她
所任教的大学的名字，故选项A排除；文中虽然提到她1974年毕业后攻读了美国文学博士学位，以及后
来出版第一部小说《博物馆的幕后故事》，但前者是她在为女性杂志撰稿之前，后者是她在为女性杂志
文章中间部分提到，无论阿特金森以何种体裁写作，她的作品都涉及爱与失去，以及如何继续下去
的主题，选项A是文中的原词，故为正确选项。其他三项都是根据文中的个别词汇codeofbehaviour、
1l. What do we learn about the clever and deceitful characters in a comedy of manners?
解文章后半部分介绍了阿特金森的文章风格，被称为风俗喜剧，并在结尾处指出了风俗喜剧的一个特点：
风俗喜剧往往会奖励那些聪明而又狡诈的人物，而不是惩罚他们的恶行。选项C是对reward itscleverand
deceitful characters,rather than punish their baddeeds的同义转述，故为正确选项。其他三项文中都没有提
Why is adaptability an important skill to exercise in the workplace? Simply put, [12] adaptability is a skill
employers are increasingly looking for. When you spend time learning a new task rather than resisting it, your
productivity goes up. You can also serve as an example to your co-workers who may be having trouble adapting,
and can help lead your team forward. [13] Strategy consultant, Dorie Clark, explains it to us this way. “I'd say that
adaptability is an important skill in the workplace because frankly, circumstances change. Competitors introduce new
products, economy might enter a recession, customer preferences differ over time, and more. If you shake your fist at
the sky and say why can't it stay the same, that's not going to do very much good. Instead, you need to recognise when
circumstances have changed, so you can take appropriate action based on what is, rather than how you wish the world
would be. [13] That enables you to make more accurate, informed and effective choices."
Also, the workplace itself has been evolving. [14] Today's work culture and management style is often based on
teamwork, rather than a rigid hierarchy. Brainstorming, which requires creativity, flexibility, and emotional intelligence,
is a typical problem-solving technique. Employees who are unable or unwilling to participate will not easily move
forward in the company. Employees who are flexible demonstrate other skills too. [15] They can reprioritize quickly
when changes occur and suggest additional modifications when something is not working. They can also regroup
quickly when a setback occurs, adapting to the new situation confidently and without overreacting.