19. Why does the speaker say the finding of a new
national poll reveals a serious problem?
【精析】细节辨认题。讲座中提到，一项新的全国
B)
民意调查发现，大约三分之一的美国老年人感到
孤独，几乎同样多的老年人感到与世隔绝。句
(19)中，讲话者说，这是一个严重的问题，因为研
究表明，长期孤独对老年人尤其有害。因此答案
为 B)。
20. What is the good news the speaker talks about?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(20)中，讲话者提到,有一
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
and left finance to pursue my dream of starting a travel company.
答案详解
22. What do we learn about the speaker before she
created the community We Are Travel Girls?
【精析】细节辨认题。句（22)中，讲话者说，在创立
A)
“我们是旅游女孩”这个社区前，她在伦敦有10年
成功的金融职业生涯。因此答案为A)。
23. What did the speaker's friend suggest they do in
2015?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(23)中，讲话者明确提到，
B)
2015年，她在寻找离开金融业的方法时，她的朋友
建议她开始写博客。因此答案为B)。
24. What does the speaker advise people to do if they
want to become travel writers?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(24)中，讲话者说，对于那
第5页，共13页
个好消息，那就是孤独似乎是可逆的。选项中的
probably是录音中itlooks like的同义替换。因
此答案为D)。
21. What is the key to solving the loneliness problem
according to the speaker?
C)
【精析】细节理解题。句(21)中，讲话者提到，虽然
寻找孤独的解决办法是高度个性化的，但研究表
明，最好的干预措施包含每周至少进行一次有意
义的社会交往。也就是说，解决孤独问题的关键
在于进行有意义的社会交往。因此答案为C)。
些想要成为旅行作家的人，她的建议是先去尝试
寻找一种独特的方式进入这个行业。因此答案
为D)。
25. What is the speaker's advice on winning a loyal
audience?
【精析】细节归纳题。句(25)中，讲话者提到，如果
C)
你想把它变成一份全职事业，那就准备好努力工
作，而且，在拥有忠实的受众群体之前，不要急于
出售广告位。你的受众规模不一定需要很大，但
你希望他们参与其中。如果你在初期投放太多推
销（广告），就会造成受众流失。总的来说，讲话者
关于赢得忠实受众方面的建议就是，在初期要避
免做太多广告。因此答案为C）。
Hello. I'm co-founder of the popular female travel community We Are Travel Girls. We collect and
publish stories from women traveling all over the world. We promote women's blogs; we host meetings and
events and are getting ready to launch our Travel With Us trips in Bali, Japan and Malawi.
(22)Before I started We Are Travel Girls, I had a successful 10-year career in finance in London, where I
advised private clients on their investments. Having always had a huge love for travel, I finally took the leap
For as long as I can remember, I wanted to be a travel writer. Before blogs existed and everything we read
was online, I would go to travel writing seminars by writers who were published in travel magazines. I was
university, I ended up working in finance, but always had a desire to travel and write about it.
(23)In 2015, I was looking at ways to leave finance, and my best friend Vanessa, who grew up on a ranch
on the Central Coast of California, suggested starting a blog. But when we started creating it, we realized that
was the same thing every girl was doing. So we turned our attention to creating a community among these
women. This led us to start We Are Travel Girls, which has now grown into a community of over 200, 000
followers. (24)To anyone thinking about becoming a travel writer, I would suggest they first try and look for a
unique way to enter the industry. There are a lot of travel writers now and it can be hard to stand out from the
crowd, which is really why we started We Are Travel Girls. (25)Be prepared to work hard if you want to turn
it into a full-time business, and try not to rush to selling advertising spaces before you have created a dedicated
audience. The size of your audience doesn't necessarily need to be huge, but you want them to be engaged. If
you post too many promotions early on, you will turn many people off.