Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
another.
答案详解
22.What dowelearn about modern humans
according to the hypothesis commonly accepted
in the 1990s?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句(22)可知，在20世纪
90年代受到普遍认可的假设是“走出非洲”理论，
即认为大约20万年前，现代人类出现在非洲，他
们在大约6万年前走出非洲，进入欧洲和亚洲。
因此答案为D)。
23. What has called into question the "Out of Africa"
model?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（23)中，讲话者讲述了最
近在中国广西壮族自治区月神洞发现的两颗现代
人类牙齿的事件。根据讲话者团队的研究，确定
这两颗牙齿距今已有7万多年。但是，根据走出
非洲”理论，现代人类是在6万年前才离开非洲
的，那么在亚洲发现距今7万多年的现代人类牙
齿就成了一件不可能的事情。所以，在中国发现
第6页，共15页
的现代人类的牙齿使人们质疑“走出非洲”理论。
因此答案为A)。
24. What does the speaker want to show with the
example of some monkeys in Africa?
A）【精析】细节归纳题。根据句(24)可知，讲话者对
人类离开非洲的原因提出了疑问，他以非洲的一
种猴子为例，说明如果不是因为特殊情况，物种不
会进行迁徙，那些猴子的牙齿在数百万年间一直
没有变化，是因为它们没有变化的理由。也就是
说，讲话者希望通过猴子的例子说明人类的迁徙
应该是有原因的。因此答案为A)。
25. What question does the speaker raise close to the
end of the talk?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(25)中明确提到，讲话者
提出的另一个问题是：人类是沿着哪条路线走出
非洲的？因此答案为C)。
(22)Modern humans arose in Africa about 200,000 years ago. They then spread across Europe and Asia
sometime after 60,000 years ago. This is the “Out of Africa" model, as it's commonly known. In the 1990s, the
hypothesis found widespread acceptance. But this popular idea is in need of revision, particularly given the
number of important findings across Asia over the past few decades.
For instance, many new human fossils found, particularly in China, are now dated as older than 60,000 years.
This calls into question the idea that modern humans migrated out of Africa only 60,000 years ago. (23)Take
the recent discovery of two modern human teeth found in the Luna cave in China's Guangxi Zhuang
Autonomous Region. When my research team and I dated these teeth, we found they were more than 70,000
years old-a situation clearly impossible if modern humans moved out of Africa only 60,000 years ago.
So with such findings, what happened exactly? Where does the most current data suggest we came from?
(24)The first question we should ask is why did modern humans leave Africa to begin with? If a population
is perfectly adapted to a particular environment and has access to an abundance of resources, then there really
is no reason to move or change. For instance, some monkeys in Africa have a set of teeth that has hardly
changed over the course of millions of years, indicating that they found a place that has worked for them.
So what happened with humans? Some researchers have suggested that population density increased to the
point where smaller human groups were forced to explore new lands. Other researchers have suggested that due
to major environmental events in East Africa, humans were prompted to find greener pastures. Yet another
explanation could simply be that early modern human hunters were following the large animals that they relied
on, and so they moved out of Africa without realizing that they were actually moving from one continent to
Humans need daily access to reliable fresh water, which appears to be absent from many coastal areas.
(25)This brings us to another question: by which route did modern humans move out of Africa? No clear routes
across the Mediterranean from North Africa appear to be present, so the earlier dispersals out of Africa and
into Europe and Asia might have been across the Arabian Peninsula.