案为 B)。
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
of praise?
do and say.
W: Did you ask him for a specific example?
close.
uncomfortable.
W: (8)And retaining their power and prestige is their priority.
M: It's what makes the most sense to a lot of them.
答案详解
5. What was the manager's reason for giving little
praise for the man's performance?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。女士问男士在年度绩效评估
会议上是否得到了经理的表扬，男士在句（5)中回
答说他的经理几乎没有给他任何表扬，在谈到男士
的成长空间时，经理直接说男士的态度有问题。因
此答案为D)。
6. What does the woman say about some managers?
C）【精析】细节理解题。女士在句(6)中提到，有些经理
使用摆布人的语言来掩饰他们所做出的不合理选择。
选项中的mask和irrational分别是录音中disguise和
unreasonable的同义替换。因此答案为C)。
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
第2页，共13页
为A)。
7. According to the woman, what do some managers
think of honesty?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。女士在句（7)中说，诚实被认
为是一种罪过，而不是美德，因为它让人感到不舒
服，或者至少让最有权势的人感到不舒服。因此答
案为 B)。
8. What does the woman think is the priority of
many managers?
D)【精析】细节辨认题。句(8)中，女士说：“保持他们
的权力和威望是他们的首要任务。”选项中的
preserving是录音中retaining的同义替换。因此
答案为 D)。
W: How did your annual performance evaluation meeting with your manager go? Did you get much in the way
M: (5)Next to zero. When we came to the part about discussing my areas for growth, he bluntly told me that
I had an attitude problem. But he wouldn't really expand on that description. He said it's the little things I
M: I did ask him a few more questions to try and narrow it down. He said my constant questioning of him and
his decisions was the most obvious example he could give. Then our conversation was swiftly brought to a
W: I had a similar experience once. My manager told me I was too honest. In most cases, I thought my honesty
was helpful, as did my colleagues, but my manager thought otherwise. (6) Some managers really adopt
power of arguments to resolve issues of conflict or complaints about unfairness.
M: Right. Some employ their persuasive vocabulary and influential communication style to win workplace
arguments by compelling people to perform the intended action.
W: Exactly. Too honest? Isn't that a good thing? I thought that's surely something we should have covered
earlier in the section discussing strengths and talents, but no. (7)Honesty was deemed to be more of a sin
than a virtue, since it made people feel uncomfortable, or at least it made the most powerful folks feel
M: Indeed. Rhetoric is viewed by many philosophers as the method through which the powerful accumulate
more power. By virtue of having the loudest voice, they're able to command greater attention and to
further assert their dominance, even when what they're saying doesn't really make much sense.
(9)Athletes are seen as heroes because they can do things that most of us can't do. They can hit fast balls
coming at them at nearly 1oo miles an hour, and leap and hang in the air, seemingly defying gravity. They get
paid millions of dollars for their efforts, and their names and faces appear on everything from running shoes to
advertising boards. Athletes who are champions also show qualities such as perseverance, dedication, and the
ability to keep their cool under pressure. Many show those same qualities off the playing field, too. Stories
about superstar athletes teach us about working hard and believing in ourselves and then being passionate about
what we do. Although it's usually bad behavior that gets an athlete a spot on the six o'clock news, (10)many