19. What does the speaker say about today's consumers?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。讲话者先提到了过去的消费
者：必须要拨打电话号码并且耐心等待才能获得
他们想要的信息。接着在句（19）中描述了如今的
消费者：他们想要立即得到信息。因此答案为D）。
20. How do marketers capture consumers' attention
as quickly as possible?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。讲话者提到，我们的注意力
持续时间变短，如果不能在几秒钟内吸引我们的
注意力，我们就会转向下一条内容。根据句（20）
可知，营销人员需要找到直接与消费者的情感进
行对话的方法，而且需要尽快弄清楚要怎么做到
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
recent research, that's evidently not enough.
worthiness boost our self-esteem.
be available at the office.
That will definitely have a follow-on effect at work.
答案详解
22. What does the speaker say is interesting?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句（22)中提到，你可能惊
地发现，友谊的好处超越了人们的社交生活，进入
到工作中，当考虑到人们因为投入到工作中的时
间延长而到了牺牲友谊或至少牺性与朋友在一起
的时间的程度时，这是非常有趣的。也就是说，人
们常常因为工作而牺牲友谊，但事实上友谊对工
作有益处，这非常有趣。因此答案为D）。
23. What did researchers from an American
第6页，共15页
这一点。也就是说，要快速吸引消费者的注意力
就要直接与他们的情感对话。因此答案为C)。
21. What does the speaker suggest marketers do to
meet future challenges?
【精析】细节推断题。讲话者最后提到了变化的影
B)
响，触发营销人员对未来的思考。因为游戏规则
每年都在变化，营销人员对自已营销努力的信心
正在动摇。之后，讲话者在句(21)中说，这就是营
销人员关注最新的技术发展并考虑与技术创新人
员合作很重要的原因。这样他们就会与技术行业
齐头并进。也就是说，营销人员要应对未来的挑战
就要跟上技术的新发展。因此答案为B)。
university analyze in their initial study?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(23)中提到，在一项针对
A)
700多名受访者的初步研究中,美国一所大学的学
者分析了朋友而非家人对自尊和幸福感的影响。
因此答案为A)。
24. What did the second study find about non-work
friends?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(24)中提到，追踪研究发
现，工作之外的朋友甚至会提升人们的工作满意
(22) You might be surprised to learn that the benefits of friendships extend beyond people's social life and
into their work, which is interesting when considering the extent to which people sacrifice friendships, or at
least the time they spend with friends, because of the extended hours they're devoting to work. Just last week,
I was remarking to a colleague that I'm content with only one social engagement per week. But according to
(23)In an initial study of more than 700 respondents, scholars from an American university analyzed the
impact that friends, as opposed to family, have on self-esteem and well-being. Friends came out substantially
on top. That's because to be someone's mate is a voluntary act, unlike family who people rarely get to choose.
The researchers found that when people choose to cultivate and maintain supportive friendships with an
individual, it means that the person is valued and worthy of their limited time. Such sentiments of value and
The second study comprised more than 300 participants. It proved that the better we feel about ourselves,
the more likely we'll perform our job confidently and competently. (24) This follow-up study found that non-
work friends even improve people's job satisfaction. They have as much of an impact on how much they love
their jobs as do the friends they have at work, despite not actually being at our place of work. These types of
friends tend to be our preferred outlet for venting about work-related matters. This is an avenue that may not
So even though friendships can be easy to neglect when confronted by pressures at work, or even pressures
at home, neglecting our friends can turn out to be harmful and counterproductive. That's why, when determining
how to create a better work-life balance, we need to consider not only how to balance work and family
demands, but also how to cultivate and sustain supportive friendships. (25) It's for this reason that managers
should never discriminate when it comes to requests from employees for flexible work arrangements. It's
irrelevant whether their need for a desired schedule is due to, say, parenting responsibilities, or a craving to
hang out with the best mate. What matters is the opportunity to engage in a nourishing activity outside of work.