10. What trait do all great professionals share?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（10)可知，所有伟大
的专业人士都会定期反思。因此答案为B)。选项
中的contemplation是录音中reflection的同义
转述。
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
country.
答案详解
12. What does the passage say about Colorado before
it became a state?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(12)中，讲话者提到,科罗
拉多在成为一个州之前就有邮局。因此答案
为 C)。
13. How did the postal service contribute to
America's westward expansion?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(13)中，讲话者提到,联邦
政府的补贴和土地补助诱使人们进入沙漠和平原
地区，而邮政使他们保持联系。因此答案为D)。
14. What did the federal government do to meet the
increasing demand for the postal service in the
West?
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
第4页，共15页
creative ideas?
D)【精析】细节辨认题。句(11)中提到，创造力领域
的一些研究人员认为，洞察力实际上产生于一段时
间紧锣密鼓的活动后的反思和放松中。因此答案
为D)。
【精析】细节推断题。句（14)中，讲话者提到，19
B）
世纪中期，邮政部门远不是中央集权的官僚机构。
为了跟上移民模式，在现有业务中增加了邮政服
务。联邦政府委托私人运货车来运送邮件。也就
是说，西部地区对邮政服务的需求增大，联邦政府
委托私人运货车来满足这一需求。因此答案
为B)。
15. What did Mr. Blevins do to study the history of
the US postal service?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（15)可知，Blevins先
生是一位数字历史学家，他写了一本关于美国邮
政服务历史的书，使用数据科学来分析历史趋势。
因此答案为C)。
(12)Even before Colorado was a state, it had post offices. The first opened in 1859 in a settlement founded
by migrants searching for gold. Life could be unpredictable at West-gold failed to appear, drought ruined
farmers and settlers clashed with Native Americans. On the settlement's location, now stands a sprawling
university campus. Amid all the changes, one feature remained constantthe postal service. The maps tracing
America's westward expansion are telling. In 1864, there were few postal branches on land controlled by Native
Colonization of the West could be regarded as a result of big government rather than pioneers. (13)As federal
subsidies and land grants tempted people into the deserts and plains, the post kept them connected. (14) In the
mid-19th century, the post office department was far from a centralized bureaucracy. To keep up with
migration patterns, postal services were added to existing businesses. The federal government commissioned
private wagons to carry the mail. Short-term contracts were granted to local businessmen to act as postmasters.
These partnerships enabled the mail to quickly follow migrants, helping knit together remote parts of the
(15)Mr. Blevins, a digital historian, wrote a book on the history of the US postal service, he used data
science to analyze historical trends. Most strikingly, he built an accompanying website, complete with
interactive maps. They show readers how, within a generation, the postal service helped colonize a continent.
These online interactive maps illustrate the formative power of snail mail.
In last week's lecture, we discussed reasons why people forget things. This week, we will discuss a
Think about something as simple as buying a coffee. That may not seem like an experience that would
make a deep impression on your memory, but anxiety could change that. In fact, (16)a new study suggests that
people with higher anxiety levels might remember certain information better than people with lower anxiety
levels. That's because higher levels of anxiety may make people more susceptible to negative feelings, putting
them in a more negative state of mind. That in turn may make them able to better remember some events.
Let's take a closer look at that new study now. (17) In this study, the researchers started by giving 80
undergraduate students an anxiety test. The test measured the participants' anxiety levels over the preceding