12.Why did new products soon become waste?
C【精析】细节辨认题。短文开头就说，今天明明还
是很新的东西第二天就会变成废品，也就是说，很
多东西的使用寿命很短，很快就会被淘汰掉。根
据句(12)可知，这是因为科技公司故意设计使用
寿命不长且无法维修的产品，从而让消费者不得
不花钱买一个新的。因此答案为C)。
13. What did the French government require tech
companies to do to help consumers make better
choices?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句(13)中明确提到，今年，法
国政府开始要求科技产品制造商列出可修复性评
分。因此答案为B)。
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
lost productivity.
workers cope with an exceptionally stressful work environment.
第4页，共15页
14. What should tech companies do to help ensure
environmental sustainability?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。短文中提到了电子垃圾对环
境造成的危害。句（14)中明确提到，我们需要科
技公司带头来解决这一问题。因此答案为A)。
选项中的taketheinitiative是录音中takethe
lead的同义转述。
15. What does the speaker think of the problem of
waste?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（15)可知，讲话者认
为，世界上的东西都会损坏，但我们不应该就让它
们坏着，既然是我们的创造所导致问题，那这一定
是可以解决的问题。因此答案为A)。
On average, US workers spend about 10% of their workday surfing the internet, emailing friends or
shopping online. This behavior, called cyberloafing, is believed to cost employers up to $85 billion a year in
(16)The majority of cyberloafing research focuses on ways to prevent employees from engaging in this"
behavior through interventions such as internet monitoring and computer use policies. But it turns out, such
behaviors may not be a sign that a worker is lazy or just wasting time. Social media use at work has been linked
to higher levels of employee engagement and job satisfaction. New research suggests cyberloafing can help
team wanted to answer in our new study. (17)Our hypothesis was that cyberloafing may serve as a mini-break,
giving employees an opportunity to recover from stressful work situations. To test this, we asked workers to
complete an online survey and rank how much time they spent cyberloafing, checking non-work emails and
shopping. We also asked them to rank job satisfaction, their desire to quit, and how often they've experienced
mistreatment at work, such as being bullied, threatened or yelled at. As you might expect, we found that
overall, more mistreatment at work was correlated with lower levels of job satisfaction and a greater desire to
quit. More interestingly, we found that cyberloafing effectively buffered this connection. That is, mistreated