5.What do welearn fromthe conversation about the
man?
D)【精析】细节推断题。句(5)中，女士介绍说男士是
“我们”教育体系的批评者，同时也是新书《如何改
革我们的大学》的作者。由此可知，男士最近刚出
版了一本书。因此答案为D)。
6. What does the man believe is the problem with
the current American system of higher education?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（6)可知，男士认为高
等教育的目的是让年轻人做好参加工作的准备，而
当前的高等教育体系并没有做到这一点。因此答
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
opportunities for tranquility and contemplation.
答案详解
9.What do we learn about the feeling that one
doesn't have time to think anymore?
A)【精析】细节推断题。句(9)中，讲话者先提出一个
第3页，共15页
案为C)。
7. How should the education budget be allocated
accordingto the man?
A）【精析】细节辨辩认题。根据句（7)可知，男士认为应
该将更多的预算用到像科学和工程这样的领域。
因此答案为A)。
8. What does the woman say the arts can do?
D【精析】细节辨认题。女士认为艺术有其价值所
在。句(8)中，女士提到，它有助于年轻人用更深刻
的方式来思考世界，这会让他们成为更好的公民，
构建一个更好的社会。因此答案为D)。
问题：你是否曾有过一种再也没时间去认真思考的
烦人感觉？然后指出，你并不孤单。也就是说，很
多人都感觉没时间去认真思考，即这是很常见的。
(9)Do you ever have the annoying feeling that you don't have time to really think anymore? You're not
alone. A variety of factors have conspired to rob us of time for reflection about ourselves and our lives. Today,
our preoccupied minds are rarely silent. The average person receives hundreds of texts and voice messages a
day, and holidays for many of us are action-packed weeks, more likely full of family activities than
(10)Regular reflection, however, underlies all great professionals. It's a prerequisite for you to recharge
your mental batteries, see things in a new light and tap into your creativity. Almost all of the great advisors that
I have studied have found ways to get away from it all and contemplate their life and work. (11) Some
researchers in the field of creativity, in fact, believe that insight occurs during the reflection and relaxation
that follows a period of intense activity. Schedule time for reflection about your work, or a particular project
you're engaged in. I usually block out half an hour. Don't answer the phone; push your papers to the side;
sketch; make lists; draw mind maps of ideas that come to you. At the end, write down any emerging ideas.
When you're alone, stop worrying and think. A lot of our down time is spent worrying about troublesome things
in our lives or fantasizing about how we'd like our lives to be. Revisit things during moments of relaxation,
after a period of intense work. This is when we are the most creative.