16. What has a new study revealed about temperature?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句（16)中提到，一项新的研
究提供证据证明温度可以影响人的性格。因此答
案为 D)。
17. What does the speaker say about warmer climates?
C）【精析】细节理解题。句（17)中，讲话者提到,较为
温暖的气候使人们总体上感觉更加积极。也就是
说，较为温暖的气候会让人们产生积极的情绪。
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
第4页，共13页
因此答案为C)。
18. What did the online personality tests suggest?
A）【精析】细节理解题。讲座中提到了研究人员所做
的在线性格测试，根据句（18)可知，测试结果显
示，温度与性格之间的关联在中国人身上要比在
美国人身上体现得更加强烈一些，这表明，温度虽
然起作用，但它并不起主导作用，其影响相当微
弱。因此答案为A)。
Today, we are talking about loneliness. Loneliness and social isolation are growing public health concerns
for people of all ages in the United States, from adolescence to the elderly. Public health experts are worried
because loneliness seems to be on the rise, and studies have long found correlations between loneliness and an
assortment of medical conditions that threaten health and longevity.
The problem of loneliness may be even greater than we thought. A new national poll found that about a
third of older Americans are lonely, and almost as many seniors feel isolated. (19)This is a serious problem as
research shows that chronic loneliness is particularly harmful to senior citizens. That's because it can impair
older adults' memory and damage their physical and mental health. Chronic loneliness even impacts the life
Let's take a closer look at that poll now. More than a third of seniors in the poll said they felt lonely at
least some of the time, and 27% said they sometimes or often felt isolated. This reflects how much time the
seniors spent with others. Almost 30% said they socialized with friends, family or neighbors once a week or
loneliness can be reversed. But researchers are still trying to determine the best way to do so. Why is that?
Resolving the problem of loneliness among seniors often isn't as simple as getting them together with others or
moving them in with their children. In fact, the poll found that seniors who lived with their children were more
likely to report feeling lonely than those who didn't. This may be because loneliness refers to the discrepancy
between actual and desired relationships. So it's possible that someone who lives alone doesn't meet that
definition, while someone in a house full of busy people does. How can we solve the problem? Well, the