16. What does most cyberloafing research focus on?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(16)中提到，大多数关于
网络偷懒的研究都集中在通过互联网监控和计算
机使用政策等干预措施来防止员工进行这种行为
的方法上。也就是说，以往的大多数研究重点都
在如何防止员工网络偷懒上。因此答案为D)。
17. What was the hypothesis of the speaker's
research team?
B）【精析】细节推断题。句(17)中，讲话者提到，他们
团队的假设就是，网络偷懒可能是一种短暂的休
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
the Nebraska State Board of Agriculture.
Tree Planters State".
答案详解
19. What does the speaker say about Nebraska City
in 1854 when Julius Morton moved there?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(19)中，讲话者明确提到，
第5页，共15页
息，让员工有机会从紧张的工作环境中恢复过来。
也就是说，他们认为网络偷懒可能有助于员工减
轻压力。因此答案为B)。
18. On what point do the results of the speaker's
study agree with other recent research?
A）【精析】细节推断题。句(18)中，讲话者提到，他所
进行的研究与近期的其他研究结果相吻合，都表
明短暂的休息与更高水平的日常工作表现有关。
也就是说，稍事休息可以让员工的工作表现更好。
因此答案为A)。
1854年，当莫顿搬到内布拉斯加市时，他面临着该
地区许多定居者共同面临的问题：那是一片没有
树木的平原。因此答案为C)。
(19)WhenJulius Mortonmoved toNebraska City in1854,he faced aproblem sharedbymany settlers in
the territory: It was a treeless plain. That meant no trees for building materials, or for fuel. But Morton was
one of the world's first conservationists, stating,“For prosperity, we ought to plant as many forests as we have
exhausted and consumed". So he started planting trees, beginning with his own land. By 1860 Morton possessed
a forest of more than 300 trees. A few years later, he had more than 1,000.
(20)As the forest grew, so did Morton's influence in Nebraska. This was largely because Morton founded
the Nebraska CityNews,the state'sfirst newspaper,in whichhefrequently wroteeditorials about thepractical
and aesthetic benefits of tree planting. He also organized the Nebraska State Gardening Society and served on
While serving on the Board, Morton came up with an idea to spread his belief in tree planting statewide.
On January 4, 1872, Morton drafted a resolution that April 10 be designated day for the planting of trees in the
State of Nebraska and urged people to go out and plant trees themselves.
Morton called the special event Arbor Day as “arbor" is Latin for “tree". The state government agreed.
(21)And on April 10, 1872, the first unofficial Arbor Day was celebrated throughout Nebraska. Prizes were
awarded to counties, cities, and individuals who planted the largest number of trees. That day, an astounding
one million trees were planted in Nebraska-an average of more than six for every man, woman and child in
the state. Since 1885, Nebraska has planted more than 700,000 acres of trees, earning it the nickname "the
Arbor Day became a legal, civic holiday in the state in 1885. It was held on April 22--Julius Morton's
birthday. In addition to a parade in Nebraska City, Morton introduced what has since become a long-standing
Arbor Day tradition: Schoolchildren went outside and planted trees together.
In 1970, nearly a century after Arbor Day was first celebrated,President Richard Nixon declared the last
Friday of every April to be observed as National Arbor Day. All 50 states recognize the April observance,
although many hold an additional state Arbor Day in a month more suited to local tree planting.