5. What are the speakers mainly talking about in the
conversation?
D【精析】细节辨认题。对话开头，男士就询问女士
期末的商业项目是否已经确定了。接下来，他们分
别描述了自已的期末商业项目，并对对方的项目发
表了看法。因此答案为D)。
6. What does the man say makes perfect sense?
C）【精析】细节归纳题。根据句（6-1)可知，女士认为
与其进口牛肉，还不如在国内养牛。男士在句
(6-2)中回应说，这非常有道理。因此答案为C)。
7. What business does the woman say has a vast and
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
true for children with socioeconomic disadvantages.
context in young children.
childrenincluding while watching television," Shah said.
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（二）18
continual market?
D）【精析】细节归纳题。句(7-1)中,男士告诉女士，他
考虑的期末商业项目是洗车场。句（7-2)中，女士
说，周围有那么多车，而且这些车又不会很快消失。
虽然有很多人不在乎他们的车看起来怎么样，但也
有很多人在乎。并说，男士给自已找了一个广阔且
持续的市场。因此答案为D)。
8. Who would the man's imagined business cater to?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（8)中，男士明确表示想让
自已的商业项目迎合大城市中的高端消费者。因
此答案为B)。
Increased television time for young children has long been linked with poorer progress in some areas of
development. One possible way to counter those negative effects is talking while watching the screen. (9)As a
new study suggests, the more parents engaged in conversation with preschoolers during TV time, the more
likely those children were to have higher curiosity levels when they reached kindergarten. This was particularly
"Our findings reinforce the importance of parent conversation to promote early childhood development and
curiosity," said lead author Prachi Shah at University of Michigan Health C.S. Mott Children's Hospital.
Researchers assessed hours of daily television exposure and frequency of parent screen-time conversation among
1,500 preschoolers, and then measured early childhood curiosity in kindergarten. (10) The study specifically
focused on curiosity levels, which are associated with enhanced learning and higher academic achievement in
reading and math at kindergarten, and behavioral-developmental benefits, especially for children from families
with lower socioeconomic status. While many young children are now growing up with digital media exposure
through mobile devices like tablets and phones, television remains a dominant screen activity, accounting for
(ll)Excessive media exposure, including television, can displace exploratory activities such as play and
parent-child interactions, which are believed to be key to cultivating curiosity in kids. “Our findings suggest the
importance of parents finding opportunities to foster conversational exchanges in daily routines with their young