16. What does the speaker recommend in this talk?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座开头提到，到了复习准
备考试和（提交)论文的时间了。压力很大，所以
你想要利用一切可以得到的辅助来帮助自己提高
记忆力和成绩。接着，句（16)中提到，作为一名营
养学家，讲话者想说的是，吃得好可以对你的复习
计划产生真实的影响，并自然引出接下来要讲述
的内容：健脑食物和饮品。因此答案为D)。
17. What does the speaker warn against about coffee?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(17)中,讲话者明确指出，
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
wars, and famines.
throughout most of human history.
the global population can be considered middle class.
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（二）20
下午2点以后就不要再饮用咖啡了。因此答案
为 C)。
18. How can we get sufficient nutrients according to
the speaker?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(18)中，讲话者说，食物应
B)
该始终排在补充剂之前，获得尽可能多的营养的
关键是吃各种不同颜色的食物，如冷冻浆果和深
绿色蔬菜等。最好是从食物和饮品中获得你需要
的一切。由此可知，讲话者认为，我们可以通过丰
富多样的饮食来获取充分营养。因此答案为B)。
(19)The late Swedish academic Hans Rosling has identified a worrying trend: not only do many people
across advanced economies have no idea that the world is becoming a much better place, but they actually even
think the opposite. This is no wonder, when the news focuses on reporting catastrophes, terrorist attacks,
Who wants to hear about the fact that every day some 200,000 people around the world are lifted above the
time every day? These stories of people in low-income countries simply don't make for exciting news coverage.
But, as Rosling pointed out in his book Factfulness, it's important to put all the bad news in perspective.
While it is true that globalization has put some downward pressure on middle-class wages in advanced
economies in recent decades, it has also helped lift hundreds of millions of people above the global poverty line.
If we really care about global welfare, (20) globalization is the only way forward to ensure that economic
prosperity is shared among all countries and not only a select few advanced economies.
While some people glorify the past, one of the big facts of economic history is that until quite recently a
significant part of the world population has lived under quite miserable conditionsand this has been true
While there were many long-lasting ups and downs, like the Great Depression or the recent Great'
Recession, the constancy of the long-run growth rate is actually quite miraculous. Low-income countries,
including China and India, have been growing at a significantly faster pace in recent decades and are quickly
catching up to the West. A 10% growth rate over a prolonged period means that income levels double roughly
every seven years. It is obviously good news if prosperity is more shared across the globe.
While inequality within countries has gone up as a result of globalization, global inequality has been on a
steady downward trend for several decades. This is mostly a result of the improvement of hundreds of millions
of people's living standards. (21)In fact, for the first time ever since the Industrial Revclution, about half of