A）是否应该警告消费者不要食用超加工食品。
B)关于膳食指南是否有足够的科学共识。
解工
是争论的内容，均排除。
A)通过最终产品的劳动力成本。
B)通过工业加工程度。
除；选项D文中并未提及，故排除。
研究表明，食用超加工食品与什么有关联？
A)消费者支出的增加。
B)罹患慢性疾病的风险增大。
Passage Two
·听力原文·
C)指南能否成为向消费者提供营养建议的基础。
D)食品科学家是否会认同超加工食品的概念。
C)通过化学变化的程度。
D)通过分类惯例。
C)人们对营养的误解。
D)儿童不喜欢未加工食品。
六级2024.6（第一翼）5
9.What question is said to have recently stirred debate?据说最近什么问题引发了争论？
文章开头即提出了争论的问题，虽然大多数现行指南都有很强的科学共识，但是最近有一个问题引发了争
论：是否应该警告消费者避免食用超加工食品？因此，选项A正确，同时据此排除选项B。其他两项都不
10. How does the system developed by Monteiro and colleagues classify foods?
蒙泰罗及其同事开发的系统是如何对食物进行分类的？
：文章中间部分提到了蒙泰罗及其同事开发的一套系统，指出该系统根据工业加工程度对食品进行分类，
从未加工食品到超加工食品不等。选项B几乎为文中原词，故正确。选项A、C是利用原文中的个别词汇
（the final product、alter them with chemicals）设置的干扰项，而且也不是该系统对食物的分类标准，故排
11. What is consumption of ultra-processed foods linked with, according to studies?
解文章结尾处指出：食用超加工食品（通常是高盐、高糖和高脂肪食品）与体重增加和罹患慢性疾病的风险
增加有关联，故选项B正确，Greater是对文中increased的同义转述。其他三项文中均未提及，故均排除。
Believe it or not, human creativity benefits from constraints. [12] According to psychologists, when you have
less to work with, you actually begin to see the world differently. With constraints, you dedicate your mental energy to
The most successful creative people know that constraints give their minds the impetus to leap higher. People
who invent new products are not limited by what they don't have or can't do. They leverage their limitations to push
themselves even further. Many products and services are created because the founders saw a limitation in what they
use. They created innovation based on what was not working for them at the moment.
[13] Innovation is a creative person's response to limitation. In a 2015 study which examined how thinking about
scarcity or abundance influences how creatively people use their resources, [14] Ravi Mehta at the University of Ilinois
and Meng Zhu at Johns Hopkins University found that people simply have no incentive to use what's available to
them in novel ways. When people face scarcity, they give themselves the freedom to use resources in less conventional
constraints help you improve the connecting unrelated ideas and concepts. Marissa Meyer, former vice president for
search products and user experience at Google, once wrote in a publication on Bloomberg, "Constraints shape and
focus problems and provide clear challenges to overcome; [15] creativity thrives best when constrained."