转述。因此答案为D)。
10. What do researchers at a university in Finland
aim to do in their new study?
B）【精析】细节推断题。句（10)中提到，芬兰阿尔托
大学的研究人员进行了一项新的同行评议研究，试
图找出我们忘记密码的原因，以帮助结束这一令人
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
injuries. An app cannot perceive such subtleties.
答案详解
12. What was the problem Jenny Weiner encountered
four years ago?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句（12)中提到,4年前,珍
妮·韦纳陷人了健康低谷。C)项中的fitness 和
slump属于原词复现。因此答案为C)。
13. What can the fitness phone app Slimmeretics do
according to the passage?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（13)中提到，为了使用该
应用程序，你首先输人你的个人资料，包括你以前
的锻炼经历和偏好，以及你的预期目标。然后一
个虚拟教练使用这些信息来提出一个个性化的锻
炼方案。因此答案为B)。
14. Why does the passage say Jenny Weiner now
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（一）4
B)。
1l. What do the researchers advise websites to do at
the end of the passage?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句（11)中提到,研究人员建
议网站提供更多的激励让用户频繁地登录，以帮助
他们记住自已的密码。因此答案为D）。
finds the workouts exciting?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句(14)中提到，韦纳女士现
在发现这些锻炼很令人兴奋，这是因为没有两个
锻炼方案是完全相同的。A）项中的never
repeated是录音中no two are ever the same的同
义转述。因此答案为A)。
15. What do some experts think of fitness apps like
Slimmeretics?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（15)中提到，一些专家认
为应用程序不能取代人类私人教练。A)项中的
not be able to take the place of 是录音中 cannot
replace的同义转述；human personal trainers 属
于原词复现。因此答案为A)。
(12)Four years ago, Jenny Weiner was in a fitness slump. She wanted to improve her physical and mental
health. However, her workouts lacked intensity without a proper training programme to follow. When she
went to the gym, her daily ritual predominantly involved easy exercise options like jogging; she avoided more
formidable exercises like lifting weights. A personal trainer who might push her was out of the question. The
extravagant cost was just unaffordable. She then discovered the fitness phone app Slimmeretics. (13)To use the
app, you first input your profile about your previous training experiences and preferences, as well as your
desired goals. A virtual coach then uses that information to suggest a personalised training regime. After the
workout, the app's artificial intelligence software system uses feedback from Ms. Weiner and its other 53
million users around the world to adjust future training sessions. (14) Now Ms. Weiner finds the workouts
exciting. This is because no two are ever the same. As a result, the app has helped her to lose more than 25
kilograms. The app's mathematical approach can arrange a more meticulous workout schedule. This has led to
optimal results. However, (15)some experts think that apps cannot replace human personal trainers. An app
cannot understand human behavior. It will not comprehend that there are competing interests outside of health
and fitness. Additionally, a human trainer can add compassion to the workout. He can also make exercise fun
(16)All societies are held together by seven universal moral rules, which include deferring to superiors and
respecting the property of others, Oxford University has concluded. Although many cultures are moving
towards more liberal, less hierarchical organizations, the new research suggests that traditional power
structures and basic values of charity and brotherhood are the cornerstones of successful societies.
The huge study of 60 different cultures around the world found that all communities operate under seven
basic moral codes. Those universal rules are: help your family, help your group, return favors, be brave, defer
to superiors, divide resources fairly, and respect the property of others. The character traits held for every