19. What does the speaker say about our eyes?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（19）中提到，尽管我们都
在谈论舌头，但我们的眼晴确实可能是饮食体验
中最重要的部分。因此答案为A）。
20. What does color actually do according to this
lecture?
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
happiness.
those of the first two.
of satisfaction, purpose or meaning is less important.
答案详解
22. What does the speaker say many of us search for
throughout our lives?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(22)中提到,寻找意义是我
们许多人一生都在经历的事情。因此答案为C)。
23. What do Rhia Catapano and colleagues find
about economic resources?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句(23)中提到，多伦多大学
的瑞亚·卡塔帕诺及其同事发现，意义对富人幸
福感的预测作用远远弱于穷人，这表明经济资源
会影响我们对意义的体验。因此答案为C)。
24. What do we learn about Rhia Catapano and
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（一）
【精析】细节辨认题。句（20）中提到，颜色实际上
D)【
改变了我们品尝食物的方式。因此答案为D）。
21. What does the brain use color to do?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（21)中提到，大脑通过颜
色进行预测。因此答案为B)。
colleagues' second study?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(24)中提到,第二项研究
着眼于全球数据。也就是说，它研究了从多个国
家收集到的数据。因此答案为D)。
25. Why do meaning and happiness have a weaker
relationship in those with more resources?
A）【精析】细节辩认题。3项研究都证明,意义和幸
福感之间的关系在资源较少的人中比在资源较多
的人中更强。根据句(25)可知,这可能是因为富
有的人有更多的机会获得其他的幸福来源。因此
答案为A)。
(22) Searching for meaning is something many of us experience throughout our lives. For some, this
meaning is religious, some political and some interpersonal. And having a sense of meaning can bring us
A new study looks at the relationship between meaning and happiness in the context of financial resources.
(23)Rhia Catapano from the University of Toronto and colleagues find meaning is a far weaker predictor of
happiness for rich people than poorer people, suggesting economic resources can impact how we experience
meaning. The team analysed data from over 500, 000 people across 123 countries. The first study used data
from a daily poll of US residents collected between 2013 and 2015. Well-being was tracked using measures of
positive affect--whether, during the day before they were surveyed, participants had smiled or laughed a lot or
experienced a lot of happiness. Meaning was measured through a daily “purpose index", which explored the
extent to which participants felt that they like what they do every day and are motivated to achieve their goals.
Finally, income levels were assessed. The results showed that the correlation between meaning and happiness
was strongest among those in lower income brackets. But as income levels increased, the correlation became
weaker. (24)The second study looked at worldwide data. Happiness was measured using the same questions as
in the first study, while meaning was measured using the single question: "Do you feel your life has an
depended on participants' income: meaning had a greater influence on happiness for those on lower incomes
compared to those in higher brackets. In the final study, French participants indicated the extent to which they
felt they led a purposeful and meaningful life and how much they considered themselves a happy person.
Finally, rather than using specific income brackets, they placed themselves on a “social ladder", representing
where they stand in society with regard to wealth, education, and career. The results from the study duplicated
So overall, meaning and happiness had a stronger relationship in those with fewer resources than those
with more. (25) This might be the case because rich individuals have more access to other sources of
happiness-many of which will be external, like lack of stress or community. Thus, a focus on an internal sense