讲话者说生育年龄变化的一个积极影响是什么？
A)更多的新手妈妈倾向于更加细心地照顾她们的孩子。
B）更多的新手妈妈在经济上有能力抚养核子。
C)有更大比例的女性为她们的孩子感到骄傲。
D)有更大比例的女性真正享受其作为母亲的角色。
例有所上升。由此很容易得出，选项B为正确答案。
母亲节期间零售支出增加的一个可能的原因是什么？
A)母亲身份的意思发生了相当大的变化。
B)越来越多的母亲通过购物来劳自己。
Recording Three
·听力原文·
couple of windows.
people coming and going, opening doors and windows.
understanding what's actually happening.
C）更多的母亲有成年子女为其庆祝这个节日。
D)美国母亲的人数一直在稳步增长。
六级2024.6（第二描】29
虽然也有提及，但内容均张冠李戴，不符合原文描述，故均排除。选项A原文未提及，故也排除。
2o. What does the speaker say is a positive consequence of the age shift in childbearing?
讲话者在讲话中提到，这种生育年龄后移的一个积极影响是，在经济上准备好要抚养孩子的新手妈妈的比
解讲话者在讲话末尾提到，一个可能的因素是，有成年子女的母亲比例正在上升，这些成年子女在为不再同
住的母亲庆祝时，可能会更加慷慨地消费。由此可知，选项C为正确答案。
[22] Since NASA published a paper in 1989 claiming that house plants can soak up pollution and toxic chemicals,
businesses and homeowners have increasingly invested in greenery to help clean their air. But a new analysis suggests
it could actually take more than 1,oo0 plants per square meter to gain a benefit any greater than simply opening a
[23] The problem lies in the fact that NASA conducted their tests in sealed containers that do not simulate the
conditions in most people's homes or offices. The space agency was primarily concerned about keeping the air fresh for
astronauts cut off in biospheres or space stations, and helping to combat “sick building syndrome" which had become a
problem due to the super-insulated and energy-efficient offices of the late 1970s.
By the early 1980s, workers regularly complained of skin rashes, sleepiness, headaches, and allergies as they
breathed in toxic chemicals from paints and plastics. NASA found that certain plants could remove chemicals from the
air, and even today garden centers recommend the plants for air cleaning properties.
[24] However, a new evaluation of dozens of studies spanning 30 years found that house plants in a normal
environment have little impact. In fact, natural ventilation is far better at cleaning the air. The researchers also
calculated the clean air delivery rate for plants in the studies they analyzed and found that the rate at which plants
disperse the compounds was well below the usual rate of air exchange in a normal building, caused by the movement of
Many of the studies did show a reduction in the concentration of volatile organic compounds over time, which
is likely why people have seized on them to praise the air purifying virtues of plants. But the researchers' calculations
showed it would take 10 to 1,o00 plants per square meter of floor space to compete with the air cleaning capacity of a
building's air handling system or even just a couple of open windows in a house.
In contrast, NASA's sealed experiment recommended one pot plant per 1o0 square feet. This is certainly an
example of how scientific findings can be misleading or misinterpreted over time. [25] But it's also a great example
of how scientific research should continually re-examine and question findings to get closer to the ground truth of