A)它们显然与温和的看法关系不大。
B)它们未能反映对体罚看法的变化。
解讠
Recording Two
·昕力原文·
mothers is at the lowest point in a quarter century.
30~34.
comes to celebrating the moms they no longer live with.
答案详解·
A)美国妈妈越来越倾向于独自生活。
B)美国人口在过去的25年里一直在增长。
28六级2024.6(第二套
C)它们可能不适用于极端看法或根深蒂固的看法的变化。
D)如果没有更多的证据，它们不太可能改变人们的立场。
C）实际上，美国母亲这一群体人口数量一直在下降。
D)实际上，美国的生育率一直在急剧下降。
18.What did the researchers concede concerning their findings？对于他们的发现，研究人员承认了什么？
讲话者在结尾部分提到，研究人员承认，该研究涉及的大多是温和看法的变化。如果研究背景改为极端看
法或根深蒂固的看法的变化，研究结果可能会有所不同。由此可知，选项C为正确答案，同时可直接排除
选项A。选项B与原文内容相反，故排除。选项D原文未提及，故也排除。
As the American population grows, so does the number of American moms. But more than a century after
Mother's Day became an official holiday, even as that number increases, the share of the American population who are
It's frequently noted that fertility rates are falling sharply in richer countries. But the less observed consequence of
this trend is that a decline in births can also mean a decline in motherhood in general.
[19] According to my analysis of data from the Census Bureau, the decline of American motherhood is real,
occurring very quickly, and may continue for some time yet. Not only are moms making up less of the population, but
their characteristics are changing too and in a way that might be linked to their proportional decline. Moms today tend
the past few years, the peak childbearing age range for American women has advanced from that of 25~29 to that of
Meanwhile, childbearing among women under 2o has fallen by half or more, while childbearing among women
35 and older is rising. [20] One positive consequence of this age shift is that a larger proportion of new mothers are
economically prepared to raise children. Less positively, however, many women find that, as they age, they can't have
as many kids as they would like. Plus, having children later in life can increase the risk of health complications.
These finer points aside, one major consequence of the older mom's trend is that fewer years of a woman's life are
spent as a mother. This means that, at any given time, a larger share of women and thus of the whole population, will
report not having children in government surveys. In other words, later motherhood means less motherhood.
Even as motherhood rates decline, Mother's Day, of course, will endure. In fact, despite the demographic shift,
retail spending on the holiday appears to be rising. It is hard to say if Mother's Day spending is rising more than one
would expect, given that the American population keeps growing. [21] But one factor might be that the proportion of
women who are the mothers of adult children is rising and those adult children may spend more generously when it
19. What does the speaker conclude from her analysis of the Census Bureau's data?
讲话者从她对人口普查局数据的分析中得出了什么结论？