16. What do we learn from the conclusion of the
Oxford University researchers?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句（16)中提到，牛津大学得
出结论称，所有社会都是由7条普遍的道德准则
维系在一起的，其中包括服从上级和尊重他人的
财产。C)项中的kept together 是录音中 held
together的同义转述。因此答案为C)。
17. What did the new study by Oxford researchers
aim to do?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句(17)中提到，发表在《当代
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
French fries, tomatoes, pumpkins, olives, honey and cherries.
changes how we taste food.
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（一）
人类学》上的这项研究是迄今为止规模最大、最全
面、最广泛的道德调查，其目的是找出不同的社会
是否有不同版本的道德观。因此答案为B）。
18. What does Harvey Whitehouse think social
scientists should do to test theories of morality?
D)
【精析】细节归纳题。根据句(18-1）和句（18-2）可
知，合著者哈维·怀特豪斯教授认为，社会科学家
现在应该着手实地检验这一理论，而不是依靠旧
数据。如果他们认真对待道德理论的测试，就需
要去实地更系统地收集新数据。因此答案为D)。
specific color standards. And oranges are just the beginning. There are color standards for foods including
The attention to color is for good reason. (19)For all the talk of the tongue, our eyes really might be the
vision, while only a percent or two is given over to taste faculties, and the result is that (20) color actually
Scientists have demonstrated many times the importance of color to taste. In a 198os study, for example,
test participants were asked to name the flavor of the beverage they were drinking without being able to see that
drinking which was orange in color, each of them identified the orange flavor. And when a drink that was lime
flavor was colored orange, nearly half of respondents identified the flavor of the beverage as orange. None
made that mistake when the beverage was green in color. What's happening when someone fails to identify the
flavor of a beverage they can't see or that has an abnormal color? Is it that participants can't discern what the
flavor is, and so rely on visual cues? Or does color actually change the experience of taste? The key to these
questions is the effect of color on expectation. (21)The brain makes predictions using color. These predictions
rely on expectations that come from experience. Research shows that we're all born liking sweet things and
desire to eat them, but we aren't born knowing what the sweet things we crave look like. So we need to learn