9. What do we learn from a new study about young
children?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（9)中提到，一项新的研究
表明，在看电视时，父母与学龄前儿童对话越多，这
些孩子在上幼儿园时好奇心水平就越高。也就是
说，父母在儿童看电视时与他们进行对话可以增进
他们的好奇心水平。因此答案为A）。
10. What did Prachi Shah's study specifically focus
on?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（10）可知，朴拉
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
mindlessly pursuing all the wrong things.
integrity, and trustworthiness.
that life has to offer.
答案详解
12. What is the dark side of our inborn drive to acquire?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句（12)中提到,据研究，我们
每个人生来就有获取的欲望。这种获取的欲望的
“黑暗面”是人类被无意识地驱使着想要拥有越来
越多的“东西”。因此答案为D)。
13. What might happen if we do not harness our
inborn drive to acquire?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句（13)可知，如果不去
有意识地、深思熟虑地且有目的地控制这种与生
俱来的获取欲望，我们可能就会在无意识状态下
追求那些错误的东西。因此答案为C)。
14. What does the passage say about our intentional
Section C
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（二）19
琪·沙阿的研究所关注的是儿童的好奇心水平。
因此答案为B)。
11. What does the passage say about excessive media
exposure?
B）【精析】细节辨认题。句（11）中明确提到，过多接
触电视等媒体可能会取代游戏和亲子互动等探索
性活动，而这些活动被认为是培养孩子好奇心的关
键。也就是说，看电视时间过长会减少孩子们花在
探索性活动中的时间。因此答案为B)。
aspirational goals?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(14)中提到,尽管在有意
识的情况下所追求的目标包括获得那些能增加自
已幸福感的东西，但这些目标也应该包括在自己
的各种生命角色中去帮助他人。因此答案为C)。
15. What will you end up doing without pursuing
intentional aspirational goals?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（15)中提到,如果没有想
要追求的目标，你也就没有了奋斗的目标。如果
没有了奋斗的目标，你就把自己置于随波逐流的
危险境地，而且无法去体验并享受生活所提供的
一切。因此答案为A)。
Humans are aspirational goal-seeking beings. (12)Each of us, according to research, has an inborn drive to
acquire. The “dark side" of this drive to acquire is being mindlessly driven to possess more and more “things"
and to socially compare our “"stuff" with all the stuff other people have in their lives. So the question is, how do
we ensure we tap into our drive to acquire in positive ways that will benefit our well-being?
One way is to become more intentionally aspirational. To be intentionally aspirational includes consciously
aspiring to be the person you need to be to succeed in your professional and personal life. It also includes
consciously aspiring to acquire things in your life that will positively impact your sense of well-being. (13)If
you're not consciously, mindfully and intentionally harnessing this inborn drive to acquire, you might be
(14) While your intentional aspirational goals will include pursuit of acquiring things that will increase your
sense of well-being, they ought to also include goals to help other people in your various life roles. Your
intentional aspirational goals will also include striving to be your personal besta person of “good" character,
Think about this from a practical, rather than theoretical viewpoint. (15)If you're not pursuing intentional
aspirational goals, you have nothing to strive for. If you have nothing to strive for, you're putting yourself in
the dangerous position of simply drifting through life, and you will not be able to experience, live and enjoy all
It's revision time for exams and dissertations. The pressure is on, so you want all the help you can get to aid
your memory and raise your grades. (16)As a nutrition expert, I want to say that eating well can make a real
difference to your revision regimeso what brain-boosting food and drink would I recommend?
Coffee can have numerous benefits. However, while coffee may make you more alert, individuals can
build up a tolerance, meaning this is short-lived. Coffee can also increase blood sugar and eventually cause lack
of focus and energy. It's also worth noting that people react differently to coffee. Some people can drink it at
midnight and go straight to sleep, whereas others get feelings of anxiety after a small amount. Also remember
that coffee from a coffee shop may be stronger than coffee made at home. (17)So stop drinking coffee by 2 pm