5. What does the woman say she has always wanted
to do since childhood?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。句（5）中，女士提到，她还是
个孩子的时候就在想，如果能服务社区，治愈病人，
那该有多好啊！也就是说，女士从小就希望能为社
区提供医疗服务。因此答案为A)。
6. What do we learn about the woman's parents
from the conversation?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。根据句(6)可知，女士的父母
总是督促她努力学习。A)项中的constantlyurged
是录音中alwayspushed的同义转述；studyhard
属于原词复现。因此答案为A)。
7. Why does the woman say she wants to choose
Section B
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
答案详解
9. Why do we often have to choose photos that
include a street sign to log into our email
accounts?
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（一）3
internal medicine as her specialty?
B）【精析】细节辩认题。男士问女士为什么想专攻内
科，女士在句（7)中回答说，她觉得内科是最有趣
的，因为它涵盖很多内容，而且把许多其他专业联
系在一起。B)项中的 connects 和broad coverage
分别是录音中ties together和 covers so much的
同义转述。因此答案为B)。
8. How does the man describe the woman's school
grades?
C）【精析】细节辨认题。句（8)中，男士说，女士的学
习成绩参差不齐。她确实时不时得高分，但并不是
特别稳定。因此答案为C)。
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句（9）中提到，通常情况下，
你必须选择包含路牌的照片，因为这显然向你的电
脑提供了确凿的证据，证明你实际上是一个人。
Logging into your email account can sometimes feel like trying to hack into the Pentagon. If you follow all
of the guidelines, you need to use a different password for every one of your accounts; use an incomprehensible
variety of letters, numbers, and symbols; sign up for two-step verification; and change every password every
time one of them is compromised. (9)More often than not, you then have to choose photos that include a street
sign, as this apparently provides solid evidence to your computer that you are, in fact, a human being.
It's no small wonder most of us forget our passwords more often than our keys. (10) Now a new peer-
reviewed study by researchers at Aalto University in Finland is attempting to figure out why we forget our
passwords in order to help put an end to this frustrating phenomenon. Their findings suggest that how likely you
are to remember your password has less to do with the intricacy of the password itself and more to do with how
often you anticipate using it. Which is to say: you are far more likely to remember a complicated password if
you know you'll frequently be using it to log into an account than you are to remember a simple password for an
account that you don't expect to log into very often. (11)The researchers advise websites to include more of an
incentive for users to log in more often in order to help them remember their secret codes.