19. What is the worrying trend the late Swedish
academic has identified?
【精析】细节推断题。根据句（19)可知，已故瑞典
学者汉斯·罗斯林发现了一个令人担忧的趋势：
发达经济体内许多人不仅不知道世界正在变得更
好，他们还认为情况恰恰相反，即发达经济体内很
多人都认为世界正变得越来越糟。因此答案
为A)。
20. What does the speaker say about globalization?
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
and emotions are linked.
where learning and memory formation take place.
memory.
are accurate, even when they aren't.
答案详解
22. What question does the speaker try to answer in
this talk?
A）【精析】细节辨认题。讲座以面包的香味可以引发
人们的久远记忆切入，引发了讲话者的问题
为什么气味有时会引发强烈的记忆，特别是情感
记忆？之后，讲话者一直在试图回答这一问题。
因此答案为A)。
23. What is said to result in an intimate connection
between emotions, memories and scents?
D）【精析】细节辨认题。句(23)中提到，气味是唯一
能直达大脑情感和记忆中心的感觉。它引发了情
感、记忆和气味之间的密切联系，这就是气味引发
的记忆比景象或声音引发的记忆更有感染力的原
解析册·2024年12月六级真题（二）21
C)
【精析】细节辨认题。句(20中，讲话者说，全球化
是确保所有国家共享经济繁荣的唯一出路，而不
是只确保少数发达经济体的经济繁荣。因此答案
为 C)。
2l. What do we learn about half of the global
population?
【精析】细节辨认题。句(21)中提到，事实上，全球
半数人口都可以被视为中产阶级，这是自工业革
命以来的第一次。因此答案为B)。
因。因此答案为D)。
24. What does the brain use to give meaning to
information and find a memory?
D）【精析】细节辩认题。句(24)中提到,大脑是利用
情境来赋予信息意义并找到记忆的。因此答案
为D)。
25. What drawback do memories of scents share with
other memories?
【精析】细节归纳题。句(25)中提到,尽管气味带
A)[
来的记忆具有特殊性，但它们与其他记忆有着相
同的缺点。它们并不总是准确的，而且会随着时
间的推移而变化。因此答案为A)。
We all know that the sense of smell is powerful. The delicious scent of bread, for example, can act like a
time machine. One sniff can bring back a memory from many years ago. Indeed, scent particles, in general,
can revive memories that have been long forgotten. (22) But why do smells sometimes trigger powerful
memories, especially emotional ones? The short answer is that the brain regions that handle smells, memories
A scent is a chemical particle that floats in through the nose and into the region of the brain responsible for
smell, where the sensation is first processed into a form that the brain can read. Brain cells then carry that
information to the area of the brain where emotions are processed, and then to an adjacent area of the brain
(23)Scents are the only sensations that travel such a direct path to the emotional and memory centers of the
brain. That results in an intimate connection between emotions, memories and scents, which is why memories
triggered by scents are experienced as more emotional than those triggered by sight or sound.
Let's take a closer look at how those memories are activated. Usually, when a person smells something
that's connected to a meaningful event in their past, they'll first have an emotional response to the sensation
and then a memory might follow. But sometimes, the memory doesn't come to the surface. The person might
feel the emotion of something that happened in the past but won't remember what they experienced. What
causes this baffling phenomenon? The explanation is context. Imagine this scenarioa person is walking down
the street 'smelling a scent that they first encountered decades ago, which activates an emotional response. If
the person had first come across that smell in a very different context, it will be much more difficult to recover
the associated memory, (24) because the brain uses the context to give meaning to the information and find that
(25) The special nature of memories brought back by scents notwithstanding, they have the same
drawbacks as other memories. They aren't always accurate, and they can change over time. In fact, each time
we remember something, that memory can become distorted. But, because of the strong emotional associations
these memories evoke, people who remember something due to a scent are often convinced that the memories