A）很枯燥。
D）与大多数工作不同。
B）很有挑战性。
C）买卖房产。
A）在意见不合的律师之间进行仲裁。
D）调解土地纠纷。
B）防止纠纷升级。
男士为什么说只要有可能，通常最好在法庭之外解决问题？
A）法庭是为解决重大法律纠纷而设立的。
D）法庭可能会让人感到害怕且随意性强。
B）法庭变得过于官僚化，无法正常运作。
8. What does the man think is required of any law professional?
男士认为任何法律专业人士都需要具备什么能力？
C）预见工作中任何潜在利害关系的技能。
A）以独特的方式提出论点的能力。
B）防止相关各方之间发生冲突的技能。
的能力。由此可知，D项与对话内容相符。
SectionB
Passage One
·听力原文·
and decision-making.
making, where they can pull on their accumulated wisdom.
4 六级 2025.6 (第一套)
C）是一件美好的事情。
C）法庭可能会令人沮丧且费用高昂。
D）清晰有力地表达自己的能力。
5.Whatwillmanypeoplesayaboutacareerinlaw?很多人会怎样评价法律行业的工作？
解对话开头，女士向男士表明想多了解一下法律相关的专业和职业，男士说自已觉得从事法律职业是很美好
的，但是接着指出“很多人都会说这是个枯燥的领域”，由此可知，A项与对话内容相符。
6.Whatdoesthemansaymostof hisworkinvolves？男士说他的大部分工作都包括什么？
解对话中间，女士向男士确认他的法律工作的具体从事范畴，男士肯定了女士的说法，并补充道：“我的大
部分工作是调解土地纠纷。”由此可知，D项与对话内容相符。
7. Why does the man say it's usually better to resolve problems outside of court whenever possible?
解？对话中间，女士总结说男士所做的很多工作都是在解决法律问题，防止问题升级。男士肯定了女士的说
法，然后说：“你要记住，法院和其他官僚机构一样，可能会非常混乱、令人沮丧，而且费用高昂。因
此，只要有可能，最好在法庭之外解决问题。”由此可知，C项与对话内容相符。
对话最后，两人提到了人际交往能力，男士表示任何法律专业人士都需要有能够非常清晰地表达自已观点
When a person tries to access a memory, their brains quickly examine everything stored in it to find the relevant
information. [9] But as we age, many of us have difficulty retrieving memories.
[9] In a review published in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences on February 1lth, researchers propose an
explanation for why this might be happening: the brains of older adults allocate more space to accumulated knowledge
make memory retrieval challenging, the researchers say it has its upsides-this life experience can aid with creativity
[10] Researchers Tarek Amer, Jordana Wynn and Lynn Hasher looked at several behavioral and brain imaging
studies, which show that older adults have difficulty suppressing information that is no longer relevant and that when
searching for a specific memory, they often retrieve other, irrelevant memories along with it. The studies also showed
that when given a cognitive task, older adults rely more heavily on previous knowledge than younger adults do.
While the researchers focus primarily on the difficulties that these disorderly, crowded memories may pose, they
also highlight a few situations in which these same memory patterns may be useful. “[11] Evidence suggests that older
adults show preserved, and at times enhanced, creativity as a function of enriched memories,' the researchers write.
They further hypothesize that older adults may be well served by their prior knowledge when it comes to decision-