                         2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套

Part I      Writing                     (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence "With
the application of information technology in education, college students can now learn in more diverse
and efficient ways." You can make statements, give reasons, or cite examples to develop your essay. You
should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.


Part II       Listening Comprehension                             (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end of each conversation, you will
hear four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a
question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the
corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) She hasn't started writing it.                        C) She is proofreading the first draft.
   B) She hasn't decided on a topic.                        D) She is working on the references.
2. A) He lent many books to the man for reference.
   B) He offered the man advice on resource hunting.
   C) He published a lot in a number of reputable journals.
   D) He told the man to be selective when using e-resources.
3. A) He didn't think her dissertation topic viable.
   B) He wasn't interested in her dissertation topic.
   C) He didn't want her to rush through her dissertation.
   D) He wasn't specific about the length of her dissertation.
4. A) Change her research methodology.                      C) Consult her professor more.
   B) Narrow down her dissertation topic.                   D) Follow the man's advice.
Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) He has translated 12 books.                           C) His books sell well worldwide.
   B) He is a well-known nutritionist.                      D) His latest book sold a million copies.
6. A) The desire of Americans to try exotic cuisines.
   B) The demand for information about food safety.
   C) The fact that over half of Americans are overweight.
   D) The fact that science books are difficult to read.
7. A) The general public.                                   C) Those who want to lose weight.
   B) Those who are overweight.                             D) The medical community.
8. A) Switch to a vegetarian diet.                          C) Adhere to doctors' advice.
   B) Follow a personalized diet.                           D) Cut carbohydrate intake.
Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear three or
four questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding
letter on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) The rate of their growth increased dramatically.
  B) The growth of their new brain cells doubled.
  C) They began to show signs of depression.
  D) They began to get irritated and restless.
10. A) To avoid them in the future.                       C) To make good sense of them.
                               2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 1 页，共 8 页
  B) To warn others against them.                          D) To reflect on their causes.
11. A) Produce a surprising healing effect.                C) Make people more susceptible to illness.
  B) Weaken one's immunity in the long run.                D) Provide protection against mental illnesses.
Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard,
12. A) Placing their own interests over their staff's.     C) Lacking the ability to relate to their staff.
  B) Being overwhelmed by their daily routines.            D) Spending too much time handling email.
13. A) Their leadership may be challenged.                 C) Unexpected events may occur.
  B) Their companies may go bankrupt.                      D) Major problems may result.
14. A) Keep an eye on their employees.
  B) Motivate and inspire their team.
  C) Sacrifice some of the immediate goals.
  D) Have greater ambition in overall planning.
15. A) Cultivate self-control.                             C) Respond only after work.
  B) Filter their email boxes.                             D) Check only when necessary.
Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings of lectures or talks followed by three or four
questions. The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best
answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer
Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.
Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) The key to increasing healthy food supply.
  B) The best way to improve marketing research.
  C) The impact of advertisements on consumption.
  D) The importance of the appearance of food.
17. A) By focusing on the nutrients in different foods.
  B) By emphasizing the diversity of food.
  C) By stressing pleasing aesthetics of food.
  D) By winning the support of marketing professors.
18. A) They can attract customers with the healthy qualities of their products.
  B) They can boost sales of healthy foods by making them visually appealing.
  C) They can turn to marketing professors for advice.
  D) They can rely on advertising for sales promotion.
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) It has witnessed a spectacular surge in demand.
  B) It has met much criticism from environmentalists.
  C) It has seen more small businesses offering environment-friendly products.
  D) It has experienced increasingly fierce competition among global companies.
20. A) Consumers now know much more about technology.
  B) Their mass production has sharply reduced the price.
  C) Consumers tend to favor all that is novel.
  D) Their quality has been greatly improved.
21. A) Purchasing only this kind of products for home cleaning.
  B) Writing positive comments about them on social media.
  C) Demonstrating on TV how effective these products are.
  D) Telling one another about their incomparable virtues.
Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
                                 2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 2 页，共 8 页
22. A) Increasing cleaners' workload.                       C) Breaking a time-honored ritual.
  B) Blocking the fountains' works.                         D) Polluting the fountains' water.
23. A) They are occasionally retrieved by curious tourists.
  B) They are regularly donated to charity organizations.
  C) They are mostly used for the fountains' maintenance.
  D) They are usually used as wages for fountain cleaners.
24. A) It is invested in a series of businesses.            C) It is used to run a supermarket for the needy.
  B) It is used exclusively for its maintenance.            D) It is estimated to be about $ 40,000 a month.
25. A) He was arrested for stealing money from four fountain cleaners.
  B) He was sentenced to 34 years' imprisonment.
  C) He collected rare coins from around the world.
  D) He stole a lot of money from a fountain with a magnetic stick.


Part III          Reading Comprehension                             (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list of choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any of the
words in the bank more than once.
     During the summer, when I was a visiting poet at a residency out of state, an angry, confused woman
wandered into my class and said: "I have three guns and I want to use them." We all ___26___. It wasn't
clear if she had the guns, but we each know that, when we teach in America, we are already in danger.
     I was dizzy with fear. The woman, who later turned out to be a schizophrenic ( 精 神 分 裂 症 患 者 )
without ___27___ to her medications, was, by some force, wrestled out and ___28___ away, then put in a
hospital for observation, in a step that was actually safer for everyone than any one of us pressing charges.
My class went on; we talked about poems. But despite the fact that the rest of our days on campus passed
___29___, I was rattled. I couldn't shake the sense that in this country we always live at ___30___ risk.
     A few months later, crisis ___31___ again. While my husband was locking his bike to drop off our
3-year-old daughter for her preschool-aged day camp, a different woman approached. Swiftly and for no
___32___ reason, she bent down, picked up our daughter, and began to carry her down the street. It was so
fast and confusing that my daughter ___33___ cried. My husband, in a burst of speed, chased the woman and
reclaimed our daughter. The woman, clearly confused, retreated into the public library. A ___34___ of
homeless people who generally know the other homeless in the area said they did not recognize the woman.
The woman was so clearly unwell that when she was taken into custody she was incoherent.
Heartbreakingly, she called our daughter by the name of someone else's child. Each part of the episode was
haunting as it was ___35___.


                   A) access                                              I) network
                   B) apparent                                            J) overriding
                   C) barely                                              K) peacefully
                   D) dedication                                          L) presumably
                   E) escorted                                            N) struck
                   F) froze                                               M) stifled
                   G) incredible                                          O) terrifying

                                 2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 3 页，共 8 页
                  H) indignant
Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each
statement contains information given in one of the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a
letter. Answer the questions by making the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
                       This man is running 7 marathons on 7 continents in 7 days
A) Michael Wardian pushed forward into the penetrating arctic (北极的) wind, fighting the urge to speed up.
   Too much effort and he'd begin to sweat, which, he was told, would only increase the risk of hypothermia
   （体温过低）.
B) At the 2014 North Pole Marathon, the temperature dipped to minus-22 degrees F, with a wind chill that
   made it feel even colder. Along the route, armed guards wandered the large sheets of floating ice to
   minimize the risk of polar bear attacks.
C) "I like to do stuff that scares me," Wardian said. With ice frozen to his beard, Wardian crossed the finish
   line that April afternoon in a winning time of 4 hours 7 minutes and 40 seconds, almost two hours slower
   than his personal best over 26. 2 miles. The race for Wardian, however, was less about the result than
   overcoming his aversion to the cold.
D) In a few days, Wardian will once again compete in an unfamiliar territory and below-freezing
   temperatures. He will line up Monday in Antarctica ( 南 极 ) for the first leg of the World Marathon
   Challenge—joining 32 other adventure seekers on an unusual journey where participants travel through
   different time zones and climates to run seven marathons on seven continents in seven days.
E) An elite ultra-runner, Wardian has his sights on breaking the event's record average marathon time of
   3:32: 25 set last January by U. S. Marine Corps captain Daniel Cartica. Wardian, a 42-year-old Arlington
   resident, is a record-breaking racer, known in the ultra-running community for seeking tough courses and
   setting world records. Last year, he ran 1,254. 65 miles in 47 races. The World Marathon Challenge, like
   most of Wardian's running goals, will be about pushing his limits. "I love diverse and unique challenges,"
   he said. "I'm definitely interested in seeing what I can handle and what my body can accept. That drives
   me."
F) Something about the way Richard Donovan carried himself appealed to Wardian. Perhaps it was the sense
   of adventure Donovan displayed when they first met at the 2010 50K Championships in Galway, Ireland,
   where Donovan was the race director. The two hit it off, and soon Wardian was participating in
   Donovan's events. It was at the North Pole Marathon, a race that Donovan organizes, that Wardian first
   heard about the Irishman's plan for the World Marathon Challenge-a challenge that Donovan himself
   completed in 2009 and 2012. "I knew that many people had a goal of running seven marathons on seven
   continents during any time period," Donovan, 50, said. "I felt the natural extension to this idea would be
   to try to achieve it within a seven-day period."
G) Wardian started saving for the trip in 2014, connecting with sponsors and getting approval from his wife,
   Jennifer, before committing. Registration for the event costs 36,000 euros, which covers international
   charter flights to each of the seven marathon locations: Union Glacier (Antarctica),Punta Arenas, Chile
   (South America), Miami (North America), Madrid (Europe), Marrakesh, Morocco (Africa), Dubai (Asia)
   and Sydney (Australia). The challenge is a test of both physical strength and mental fitness. Sleeping on a
   crammed plane, adjusting to different time zones and finding food to eat (Wardian is a vegetarian) would
   make it an exhausting trip over a month, let alone a week. "The key to a race like this is getting
   comfortable being uncomfortable," said Becca Pizzi, last year's women's champion. "The highs of the
   race are incredibly high, and the lows incredibly low."
H) Since turning it into an organized event in 2015, Donovan has attracted a variety of runners. This year's

                                 2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 4 页，共 8 页
   challenge will feature a far more elite field, which includes Ryan Hall, America's fastest marathon
   runner. Despite his proven track record, Hall said he has no time goals and that he still suffers from the
   same fatigue issues that forced him to leave the professional ranks in 2015. Hall plans to run with his
   friend, Pastor Matthew Barnett of The Dream Center in Los Angeles-one of the six American men who
   will be competing. "I don't expect to run a step with Mike, but I will be excited to see how he does," said
   the 34-year-old Hall, who began weight-lifting after retiring. "If I finish within an hour of him in each
   marathon, I'd be surprised."
I) Instead, 43-year-old Petr Vabrousek, an elite Czech Ironman champion, is expected to be Wardian's
   closest challenger. To others on the trip, simply finishing will be its own reward. Sinead Kane of Ireland
   is aiming to become the first blind person to complete the challenge. And Beth Ann Telford, a
   47-year-old federal government worker from Fairfax and the only American female in this year's mix, is
   using the event as a platform to raise money for cancer research. It's a cause with a personal connection
   to Telford, who was diagnosed with brain cancer in 2004. "Doing something like this is definitely the
   hardest challenge that I've ever done except for the chemotherapy and brain surgery," she said. "It's going
   to raise awareness...I just wanted to do something that is epic and this certainly is right up there."
   Wardian, too, hopes his involvement will give him a platform to promote a cause. He recently became an
   ambassador for the United Nations Women's HeForShe initiative to fight inequalities faced by women
   and girls worldwide.
J) On a chilly December afternoon, Wardian wove through Washington's crowded sidewalks on the way
   home from his full-time job as an international ship broker. His elastic, 6-foot frame bounced gently and
   efficiently off the ground with each step of the hilly six-mile trip back to Arlington. This is a daily
   routine during the week for Wardian, who started racing professionally in 2003 and runs seven days a
   week, often multiple times a day. When he travels, he prefers to explore new places on his feet.
K) But in some ways, Wardian still has trouble thinking of himself as a runner. For the majority of his
   childhood, Wardian devoted his energy to becoming a Division I lacrosse (长曲棍球) player-a dream he
   realized when he was recruited to play at Michigan State University. "Once he decides to do something,
   he just works at it until he does it," Michael's younger sister, Mariele, said. "Once he decides to do it, it's
   usually something that's going to happen. He's always been like that. He's a very motivated individual."
L) It was only a year or so ago that Wardian realized that he had been a runner longer than a lacrosse player.
   It was not until he ran in the 2004 U. S. Olympic Marathon Trials —the first of three for Wardian-that he
   felt that he was a legitimate runner. Now more than 10 years and numerous ultra-marathon national titles
   and world records later, he embraces that identity. Wardian wants to see how far his legs can take him,
   one epic challenge at a time. "I want to always keep doing things that are exciting, adventurous, different
   and most importantly, probably things I'm not the best at," Wardian said, "because if you're not seeking
   things out that are challenging and difficult for you, then you're not growing...So I hope maybe people
   see what I do, and say, 'Okay, I want to do something different or try something new...I'm going to do
   something that scares me. ' That's what I'm hoping people will take from it."
36. Wardian regards the various extraordinary challenges as a test of his physical endurance.
37. Wardian hopes his participation in the seven-day marathon series will contribute to a worthy cause.
38. Wardian is going to join over thirty other runners in a week-long marathon series.
39. Over-exertion in extreme cold can lower one's body temperature to a dangerous point.
40. Wardian was very much impressed by a race director's sense of adventure.
41. Once Wardian sets his mind on something, he is determined to make it happen.
42. One top American marathoner quit his running career because of his physical condition.
43. To many of the week-long marathon participants, completing the race will be a success in itself.
44. For Wardian, the marathon in the Arctic was more about how to triumph over the extreme cold.

                               2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 5 页，共 8 页
45. To participate in the seven-day marathon series, Wardian had to raise a lot of money and have his wife's
   support.


Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D).You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
      Many people associate their self-worth with their work. The more successful their career, the better
they feel about themselves. Work-related self-esteem is therefore a worthy ideal to pursue with vigor,
right? Well, not always. According to recent research, in which psychologists interviewed 370 full-time
workers over a period of three weeks, the reality is a little more complicated. And it involves negative as
well as positive consequences.
      It's natural to be drawn towards pleasure and to step away from pain. In the workplace, if that
pleasure comes from a triumph which swells our self-respect, people will try to repeat the
accomplishment. But repeating that accomplishment is often not realistic, which can lead to severe
negative emotional consequences when it doesn't reoccur. This form of motivation is widely regarded as
a negative type of motivation. It can hinder other more positive motivation types, such as completing a
task purely because it's fulfilling or enjoyable.
      What consumes the employee instead is a pressing need to feel mighty and sure of themselves.
They then take on only tasks and objectives which serve that ego-driven need. As a result, to avoid
feelings of shame and worthlessness associated with failure, they extend themselves to such a degree
that there's a subsequent adverse effect on their well-being. This internal pressure to succeed at all costs
demands a lot of effort. It depletes their energy, culminating in disproportionate levels of damaging
sentiment.
      Those negative emotions mount into heightened anxiety, impacting their ability to make the most
of their personal life. Their desire to avoid feeling inferior ends up making them feel inferior when it
comes to their diminished capacity for friendship and leisure. They end up dissatisfied both at work and
outside of it.
      But thankfully, for those people compelled almost entirely by this specific form of motivation, the
news isn't all bad, or bad at all. The study also discovered several positive outcomes that can actually
outweigh the harmful ones. Though these types of employees are motivated by the desire to avoid
negative consequences, they are also motivated by the excitement of pursuing emotional rewards. This
excitement makes pursuing goals enjoyable and stimulates pleasure and pride that would result from
success. An effcet of the positive motivation is that it neutralizes the existence of negative motivation.
      Sure, it affects people's personal lives to what could be deemed an unhealthy extent, because
leisure activities are often seen as a part of life that must be sacrificed to manage work and family
demands. However, the way people feel about their work has less to do with whether they're motivated
by the preservation of self-esteem but more with the fact that they're simply motivated.
46. What does the author say about the pursuit of work-related self-esteem?
    A) It may result in negative motivation.
    B) It contributes to one's accomplishments.
    C) It can increase one's vigor as one keeps trying.
    D) It costs too much emotionally and psychologically.
47. What do employees tend to do in pursuing work-related self-esteem?

                              2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 6 页，共 8 页
    A) Take on tasks well beyond their actual capabilities.
    B) Strive to succeed at the expense of their well-being.
    C) Resort to all means regardless of the consequences.
    D) Exaggerate their sense of shame and worthlessness.
48. What do we learn about people over-concerned with work-related self-esteem?
    A) They may often feel inferior to their colleagues.
    B) They cannot enjoy their personal life to the full.
    C) They are never satisfied with their achievements.
    D) They have their own view of friendship and leisure.
49. What is the good news we learn from the recent research?
    A) The pursuit of goals may turn out to be enjoyable and pleasant.
    B) The emotional rewards from goal pursuit are worth the pains taken.
    C) The negative consequences of goal pursuit can mostly be avoided.
    D) The goal of swelling self-esteem can be achieved if one keeps trying.
50. What can we infer from the last paragraph?
    A) Workers have to make sacrifices to preserve self-esteem.
    B) Self-esteem swells when workers are strongly motivated.
    C) Pursuit of goals affects people's personal lives to an unhealthy extent.
    D) People feel positive about their work as long as they are motivated.

Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
     Degradation of the world's natural resources by humans is rapidly outpacing the planet's ability to
absorb the damage, a recent UN environmental study has found. The study concludes that without radical
action the level of prosperity that millions of people in the developed world count on will be impossible to
maintain or extend to poorer countries.
     Water scarcity is the curse of some of the poorest regions on Earth, leaving developing countries
increasingly unable to feed themselves, and causing hardship for millions of people. There appears little
prospect of this desperate situation being remedied without radical action being taken. Water resources are
under increasing threat from population growth, climate change, rapid urbanization, rising levels of
consumption, and the degradation of lands that previously provided a natural replenishment (补充) of water
resources.
     The rate of damage to the natural environment was found to increase globally, despite concerted efforts
to persuade governments to take measures to improve the condition. "If current trends continue, and the
world fails to improve patterns of production and consumption, then the state of the world's environment will
continue to decline," warned UN executive director Achim Steiner.
     He said the tools for improving the environment for millions of people existed in developed countries,
but were in danger of not being used.
     The study found that basic measures to tackle some of the key causes of environmental damage were
still not being taken. These included measures to reduce air pollution, to control the damage to marine
eco-systems, which can have a huge effect on fish stocks on which hundreds of millions of people depend;
and to curb the degradation of land where modern agricultural methods were pursued without regard to the
longer-term consequences.
     Despite the recent global agreement on cutting greenhouse gas emissions, global carbon output
continues to rise. This will put a long-term strain on the ability of developing economics to feed their own
people. Climate change is aggravated by the emissions of greenhouse gases from chemical and natural

                               2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 7 页，共 8 页
fertilisers used in agriculture which increased by more than a quarter between 2000 and 2010. Other problem
areas identified in the report included glaciers, which provide vital water resources for millions of people,
but which are shrinking as the climate warms.
     In rich countries, these problems have built up over decades and centuries while economic growth was
pursued at the expense of the environment. Subsequent efforts to remedy the environment have met with
partial success. But in developing countries, the path of future development has more potential to change,
which has encouraged international institutions to devise more sustainable growth pathways that are
supposed both to alleviate poverty and preserve the environment.
51. What is the major finding of the UN environmental study?
   A) Human activity has rendered Mother Earth almost uninhabitable.
   B) Humans are doing more damage to the earth than it can cope with.
   C) Environmental problems have considerably weakened human prosperity.
   D) Environmental damage is more serious in developed countries these days.
52. What is said about water scarcity in some of the poorest regions?
   A) It is getting so serious that there is little hope of solution.
   B) It largely accounts for their slow economic development.
   C) It can hardly be relieved if no drastic measures are taken.
   D) It is primarily caused by the acceleration of climate change.
53. What does Achim Steiner say about the environmental condition?
   A) It will deteriorate worldwide.                          C) It is being slowly remedied globally.
   B) It is attracting global attention.                      D) It will shrink the world's population.
54. What is the dilemma developing countries face?
   A) They cannot modernise farming without causing land degradation.
   B) They cannot promote industrialisation without polluting waterways.
   C) They cannot boost crop yields without causing greenhouse gas emissions.
   D) They cannot catch up with rich countries without sacrificing the environment.
55. What should developing countries do in their future development according to the passage?
   A) They turn to developed countries for the assistance they need.
   B) They remedy environmental damage by slowing economic growth.
   C) They avoid damaging interference from international institutions.
   D) They improve people's livelihood without harming the environment.


Part IV        Translation                           (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
    青藏高原(the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau)位于中国西南部，面积约 230 万平方公里，平均海拔 4 000 米
以上，被称为“世界屋脊”。青藏高原自然资源丰富，风景秀丽，拥有多种珍稀野生动物。
    青藏高原气温很低,形成了大面积高山冰川。这里是亚洲许多著名河流的源头,是中国和东南亚的主要
淡水供应源。青藏高原对全球生态系统至关重要。
    由于气候变化的影响,青藏高原的冰川正在加速融化。中国一直在努力保护青藏高原的生态系统,草地
覆盖率不断增加,许多濒危物种得到更为有效的保护。




                                2022 年 12 月英语六级真题第 1 套 第 8 页，共 8 页
