       2024 年 1 2 月大学英语六级考试真题(三)

Part I                 Writing                 (30 minutes)

Directions：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence MCollege
provides a great opportunity for students to explore various possibilities and find the right path for themselves.
You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should
write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
     You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.



Part H                 Listening Comprehension                         (30 minutes)

                                                     只是顺序不
                                   本套真题听力与前 2 套内容完全一样，
  由 于 2024 年 1 2 月六级考试全国共考了 2 套听 力 ，
说明：
  因此在本套真题中不再重复出现。
一样，


Part II                Reading Comprehension                          (40 minutes)

Section A
Directions：In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each
blank from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully
before making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding
letter for each item on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any o f the
words in the bank more than once.
     About 23% of the global population lives in absolute poverty. In developing countries there is a low
life expectancy, a high infant 26 rate, high levels of unemployment and illiteracy, nutritional levels
below acceptable standards and widespread disease with very little or poor quality medical assistance.
Others live 27 wealthy and luxurious lives and so the wealth is distributed in a very 28 manner.
These are the central problems to questions of charity though charity also includes many other areas such as
assisting the elderly.
     We all 29 when very rich people pledge to give away most of their billions, but they are usually
left with millions to pass on, still much more than most people would expect to earn in their lifetime. Even
comparatively 30 salaries in the west are very high when compared globally. Someone on £ 20,000
could easily afford to give away £2,000 per year and still have plenty to live on plus some luxuries.
     Most people agree that giving to charity is morally       31    but charitable behaviour tends to be
regarded as above and beyond the call of duty. Some argue, however, that charitable behaviour is morally
required. This means that to fail to behave charitably would be wrong. The majority of arguments in this
vein refer to giving aid to poorer nations but they may also refer to giving time within one's 32
community. Arguments tend to place different requirements on people in different income brackets and
   33 entirely people who are merely making ends meet. Some argue that people should all contribute a
certain percentage of their earnings. I will       34 together all those arguments that place a moral
requirement on people to give to charity, despite the fact that there is wide disagreement as to the 35
of that moral requirement.
                                                          三） 17
                                     试题 册 - 2024年 12 月六级真题（
            A) applaud .                                 I) moderate
            B) casualty                                  J) mortality
            C) exclude                                   K) overt
            D) extent                                    L) praiseworthy
            E) group                                     M) probe
            F) hierarchical                              N) sceptically
            G) immediate                                 O) unequal
            H) incredibly

Section B
Directions ：In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to i t . Each
statement contains information given in one o f the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the
information is derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a
letter. Answer the questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.
                                          The Free-Trade Paradox
A) Trade is one of the policy areas where the hostility that exists between populists ( 民 粹 主 义 者 ) and
   classical liberals is most visible. Free-traders point to the undeniable good that tariff-free trade has
   done for consumers across the world and to the observable alleviation of poverty in corners of the
   world where previously closed markets have been opened up. Protectionists point to the domestic
   producers who'vc paid the price for this globalized economy in the form of lost livelihoods and
   hollowed-out communities.
B) The ongoing conservative civil war often degenerates into content-free tribal warfare, but trade is a
   rare exception. There are substantial, thought-out policy proposals on both sides of the argument.
C) Consequently, trade as a topic of discussion provides an opportunity for liberals and populists to have a
   real meeting of minds. Fruitful debates might actually take place in this area, as opposed to the
   familiar ritual we've become accustomed to of condemnation met with counter-condemnation.
D) Strange as it might sound, the problem with trade in the modern world isn't a matter of dollars and
   cents. It's a matter of false consciousness. This observation is bound to set Marxist alarm bells ringing
   in the minds of some readers, but it was first made by Alexis de Tocqueville in 1840.
E) Tracking the economic development of mankind from primitive to modern societies, Tocqueville
   observed a paradox unfolding over the centuries as economic realities and human experience of those
   realities strayed further and further from each other. In primitive societies, he notes, the division of
   labor was as yet undeveloped for the most part, requiring each person, family, or tribe to be relatively
   independent when it came to meeting their own basic material needs. Men built their own dwellings,
   farmed their own land, tended to their own livestock. This is not to deny that basic forms of trade
   took place, but, for the most part, our primitive ancestors lived fairly self-reliant, if crushingly poor,
   lives.
F) However, the exclusively local and face-to-face nature of economic and political organization in the
   ancient and prehistoric worlds constantly impressed upon these primitive peoples the uncontrollable
   reality of others and their needs. As Tocqueville notes, “as soon as a man begins to deal with common
   affairs in public, he begins to perceive that he is not so independent of his fellow men as he had first
   imagined, and that in order to obtain their support he must often lend them his cooperation.
G) At the advent of the modern world, the division of labor spread further and further throughout
   society. Each person became more and more dependent on others for their basic needs. And yet,
   robbed of the engagement with our neighbors and with our local communities that our ancestors were
                                  试 题 册 ・2024年 12 月 六 级 真 题 (三 ) 18
   forced into by circumstance, we feel ourselves to be more and more independent of one another. As
   we become more and more dependent on others, we become less and less conscious of our dependence
   on others. This is the paradox of trade in the modern world.
H) The false consciousness that this paradox generates causes havoc on the debates we have about free
   trade. There is scarcely a single commodity in any American household that isn't dependent for its
   manufacture and sale, through one supply chain or another, on scores of different people spread out
   across the entire globe. But as Tocqueville already foresaw in 1840, we do not feel dependent on these
   strangers for our way of life. No sense of the dependence of our own material welfare on their work
   ever strikes our national consciousness. We rarely contemplate the globalized avenues of free trade
   with gratitude.
I) There are two reasons for this. The first, to put it bluntly, is money. Money allows us to purchase the
   work of others without giving any thought to them as human beings. Unlike our ancestors in their
   primitive townships, we rarely have to meet face-to-face the people who've invented, built, shipped,
   or supplied our goods. No relationship has to be built before an exchange can take place. Simply agree
   on a price, and you can have any goods you wish without taking a second thought for the human being
   involved on the other side of the transaction. In this way, money makes us feel more independent than
   we actually are. Each of us senses the hold that it has over our fellows. We know that if we bid highly
   enough we can buy ourselves out of the time-consuming labor of building relationships. Money is kind
   of like magic in that way. It gives us a set of rituals to perform and promises that if we do so we'll be
   able to wield power over others. The illusion is created that having enough money to buy something is
   the equivalent of knowing how to make it yourself. Gratitude for the anonymous men and women who
   make up the supply chain rarely makes its way into our consciousness.
J) Anonymity, in fact, is the second root cause of the free-trade paradox. Modernity has emancipated
   everyone from the limits of location and community. By and large, when we trade, we trade with
   strangers ；when we vote, we vote for strangers ；when we watch ，read, or listen to stories, the tellers
   of the tales are strangers. As opposed to the ancestors Tocqueville compares us to, we do not know the
   people with whom we have to do, in either the economic or the political sphere. This is simply the
   shadow side of the miracle of markets, which, for the first time in history, have allowed strangers to
   look after each other. They've also allowed each of us to live more and more of our lives exclusively as
   strangers to other people. This is how Tocqueville- - rather pessimistically一 describes us：Each,
   standing apart, is like a stranger to the destiny of others；his children and personal friends forming for
   him the entire human race. As for the remainder of his fellow citizens, he is beside them, but he does
   not see them. He touches them, but he does not feel them. He exists only in and for himself.
K) The last sentence but one is as apt a summary as one could hope to come by of how each of us functions
   in the modern economy：”He touches them, but he does not feel them .”
L) This is the greatest challenge facing defenders of free trade. It's exceedingly difficult for human beings
   to feel gratitude toward strangers, and the global marketplace that has made us so rich has also made us
   strangers to one another. Our brains are hardwired for tribal life, and tribes do not take kindly to
   strangers. Impressing a sense of dependence upon and gratitude toward foreign strangers is therefore
   an uphill task.
M) If free-traders are going to win policy arguments in the future, they'll have to find a way of forging
   bonds of affection between American consumers and foreign producers. Only by de-anonymizing the
   men and women who supply us with the goods and services we enjoy from overseas and by creating a
   sense of solidarity and relationship across borders that transcends economic interest can free trade win
   the day. Otherwise, the inborn biological upper hand that protectionists have in the form of nationalist
   solidarity is bound to win the day at the ballot box.
                                  试 题 册 - 2024年 12 月 六 级 真 题 (三 ) 19
36. People became more and more reliant on others for basic needs as they entered the modern world even
    though they might feel less so.
37. On the topic of trade, productive debates might be possible, in contrast to the familiar mutual
    condemnation in discussing other issues.
38. We feel greater independence than we actually possess because money allows us to buy things without
    building any relationships.
39. The trouble with today's trade stems from misconceptions rather than money.
40. For their arguments to prevail, advocates of free trade must try to forge bonds of affection between
    consumers at home and producers overseas.
41. According to Tocqueville, unlike our ancestors, we and the people we do trade with are strangers to
    each other.
42. In primitive societies, people had to rely mostly on themselves to meet their personal needs.
43. Few commodities in American homes are not reliant on people abroad in the process of manufacture
    and sale.
44. Protectionists argue against free trade by referring to the losses suffered by domestic producers and
    communities.
45. It is extremely hard to make people feel dependent on and grateful to strangers overseas.

Section C
Directions ：There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each o f them there are four choices marked A ）, B ）, C ）and D ）. You should decide on the
best choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answ er Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
     There are hundreds of personality quizzes online that assert they can ascertain whether the right or left half
of your brain is dominant. Left-brained people are supposedly logical and excel at language and math while
right-brained people are more imaginative, emotionally intelligent and skilled with spatial reasoning. There's
just one problem：That's not how brains work.
     Popular science enthusiasts sort of took this idea and ran with it, and it's become woven in popular culture
now, and it's not going away.
     Despite this enduring belief, there's no such thing as being u right-brainedor “left-brained”. Whether
you're someone who tends more towards creativity or logic has nothing to do with one hemisphere of your brain
being dominant over the other. But the actual science of how the two halves of our brains work together is
sometimes stranger than fiction.
     The human brain is divided into two hemispheres, the left and right. In all vertebrate （脊椎的）animals,
the right hemisphere controls the left side of the body and vice versa. And scientists have long known, thanks
to the behaviors of patients who suffered brain injuries, that different areas of the brain do different things.
     But many scientists struggled with this idea, because the very suggestion that the left and right halves of the
brain operate differently disrupted the idea that nature tends toward perfect symmetry.
     Work by neuroscientists （  神经科学家）has revealed the importance of different hemispheres of the brain
for different activities. However, their research quickly saw some misinterpretations in the general public：
Some presumed creative people must be right-brained and logical people left-brained. It is proven that not only
is personality unrelated to the different halves of the brain, but people aren't really right- or left-brained to
begin with. The idea that we have left-dominant people and right-dominant people, and that this is related to
personality, is categorically false. That's never been supported in the neuroscience community. Neuroscientists
don't believe that and never have.
     What scientists learned is that there are really important differences between the left hemisphere and the
                                     试 题 册 ・2024年 12 月六级真题（
                                                          三） 20
right hemisphere. It's just that they have nothing to do with personality or whether cognitive strategy is more
logical or free spirited or creative. While researchers have shown the limitations of how the hemispheres of our
brains influence our lives, it's not difficult to understand the appeal of such ideas. People are endlessly
fascinated by themselves and their friends, and the subtle differences in how people think about the world are
really meaningful to them. When you come up with an online quiz that tells us something about ourselves, we're
drawn to that. It's irresistible. But you have to take it with an enormous grain of salt.
46. What do numerous personality quizzes online claim they are able to do?
     A) Distinguish between the two hemispheres of one's brain.
     B) Determine whether one is left-brained or right-brained.
     C) Tell if one is more of a linguist or of a mathematician.
     D) Ascertain how one's brain performs different tasks.
47. What does the author say is sometimes stranger than fiction?
    A) How one hemisphere of the brain impacts creativity.
    B) How the two halves of our brains work alternately.
    C) How the two hemispheres of our brains cooperate.
    D) How one half of the brain dominates the other.
48. Why did many scientists have difficulty endorsing the idea that different areas of the brain do different
    things?
    A) It contradicts the assumption that the two hemispheres of the brain are symmetrical.
    B) It dismisses the view that the universe has been evolving in a consistent manner.
    C) It is in conflict with the suggestion that the left and right halves of the brain work together.
    D) It disrupts the idea that the right hemisphere of the brain controls the left side of the body.
49. What belief have neuroscientists long rejected according to the passage?
    A) There are left-dominant people and right-dominant people with different personalities.
    B) There are noticeable differences between the left and right hemispheres of the brain.
    C) One's personality is hardly related to the different halves of the brain.
    D) Different areas of the brain are responsible for different activities.
50. What are we advised to do with an online quiz that tells us something about ourselves?
    A) Challenge its authority.                    C) Evaluate its popularity.
    B) Scrutinize its originality.                 D) Question its reliability.
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
    One hundred thirty-five students, four teachers, one giant classroom：This is what 9th grade looks like at
Westwood High School, in Mesa, Arizona's largest school system. There, an innovative teaching model has
taken hold, and is spreading to other schools in the district and beyond.
     Five years ago, faced with high teacher turnover and declining student enrollment, Westwood's leaders
decided to try something different. Working with professors at Arizona State University's teachers college,
they piloted a classroom model known as team teaching, which allows teachers to dissolve the walls that
separate their classes across physical or grade divides.
     The teachers share large groups of students一sometimes 100 or more一and rotate between group
instruction, one-on-one interventions, small study groups, or whatever the teachers as a team agree is a priority
that day. What looks at times like chaos is in fact a carefully orchestrated plan：Each morning, the Westwood
teams meet to hammer out a personalized program for every student the team will focus on that day.
    By giving teachers more opportunity to collaborate, Mesa's administrators hoped to fill staffing gaps and
boost teacher morale and retention. Initial research suggests the gamble could pay off.
    "Teachers are doing fantastic things, but it's very rare a teacher walks into another room to see what's
h a p p e n in g s a id Andi Fourlis, superintendent of Mesa Public Schools, "Our profession is so slow to advance
                                     试 题 册 ・2024 年 12 月 六 级 真 题 (三 ) 21
because we are working in isolation. M
     Of course, overhauling teaching approaches can't fix all the frustrations teachers have, such as low pay,
but early results from Mesa show team teaching may be helping to reverse low morale. In a survey of hundreds
of the district's teachers, researchers found those who worked on teams reported greater job satisfaction, more
frequent collaborations with colleagues, and more positive interactions with students.
     Another benefit of teams, teachers say, is that they can help each other improve their instruction. During
one planning session, English teacher Jeff Hall shared a performance appraisal with a science teacher ：Her
recent lecture on something she called “ the central dogma of biologyn had bewildered him and their other
teammates.
     “If the science is too confusing for me, can you imagine the frustration you feel as kids?” Hall said. But the
science teacher, he said, wouldn't have known about the confusion on her own.
     The model is not for everyone. Some teachers approached about volunteering for a team have said they
prefer to work alone. Team teaching can also be a scheduling nightmare, especially at schools like West wood
where only some staff work in teams. There are also thorny questions like how to evaluate four teachers on the
performance of 135 students. But for the time being, it seems to be working.
51. What do we learn about team teaching from the passage?
    A) It is generally conducted in classrooms without walls.
     B) It allows students to choose teachers they favor most.
     C) It prioritizes peer work over classroom instruction.
     D) It is closely coordinated despite seeming confusion.
52. What does initial research suggest regarding Westwood's innovative teaching model?
    A) It could help raise teachers5 pay.              C) It could cut down overall costs.
     B) It could turn out to be a success.             D) It could end up like a gamble.
53. What did superintendent Andi Fourlis say about the teaching profession?
    A) Morale cannot be boosted until teaching models are overhauled.
     B) Teachers are simply too busy to visit classes of their colleagues.
    C) Progress is slow due to lack of collaboration among teachers.
     D) Teachers often do fantastic things without being noticed.
54. What does the author want to show by citing English teacher Jeff Halfs experience?
    A) English teachers and science teachers are complementary in performing their tasks.
     B) A teacher of arts and letters is completely puzzled by what a science teacher teaches.
    C) The new teaching model helps inform the teacher how their instruction is received.
    D) Science teachers will hardly know the confusion they create without a performance appraisal.
55. What does the author think is one of the difficult problems in implementing the new teaching model?
    A) What to do with teachers working alone.         C) How to recruit volunteers for a team.
     B) What to include in teaching schedules.         D) How to assess each teacher's performance.


Part N                 Translation                  (30 minutes)

Directions ：For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.
                                         神舟五号飞船发射成功，
     遨 游 太 空 历 来 是 中 华 民 族 的 梦 想 。2003 年 ，         杨利伟成为第一个飞入太空的中
                           翟 志 刚 成 为 中 国 历 史 上 首 位 进 行 太 空 行 走 的 宇 航 员 。近 年 来 ，中国航
国宇航 员 。2008 年 ,神 舟 七 号 升 空 ，
天 进入 创 新 发 展 “快 车 道 ”，太 空 基 础 设 施 建 设 稳 步 推 进 ，中 国 空 间 站 于 202 2 年 全 面 建 成 。 中国航天事业
                     也 为 人 类 文 明 进 步 做 出 了 巨 大 贡 献 。未 来 ，中国探索太
的迅速发展在中华民族的历史上写下了辉煌一页，
         更远。
空的脚步将迈得更稳、


                                    试 题 册 ・2024 年 12 月六级真题（
                                                          三） 22
