                大学英语六级考试 2025 年 6 月 真 题 （第 二 套 ）

Part I                                           Writing                                       (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “As social
media is used more and more extensively, there is a growing awareness of the importance of using it
properly and responsibly." You can make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop
your essay. You should write at least 150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence giypn in quotes at the beginning of your essay.


Part II                           Listening Comprehension                                       (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) They have to make a choice by the end of the day.
    B) Both candidates are very keen on getting the job.
    C) They hold different views on the procedure.
    D) Both candidates are quite competitive.
2. A) Both Rachel and Peter came across as respectful and professional.
   B) Rachel scored moderately higher grades than Peter at school.
    C) Both Rachel and Peter excelled in their academic pursuit.
   D) Peter appeared slightly stronger than Rachel physically.
3. A) His use of body language.                              C) His unusual state of mind.
   B) His accumulation of experience.                        D) His knowledge about the company.
4. A) Compare the candidates side by side again.             C) Find a way to break the tie next time.
   B) Ask the board to cast the deciding vote.               D) Let John make the final decision.

Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5. A) The private label "L'Orange”.                     C) This season's new fashion.
   B) The woman's latest collection.                         D) The head designer's role.
6. A) Something reflecting the social norms.                 C) Something slightly absurd.
   B) Something meeting public expectations.                 D) Something a bit ambiguous.
7. A) Merge styles often at opposite ends of the fashion spectrum.
   B) Learn from the designs of the Asian rural mountain villagers.
   C) Make velvet capes look both majestic and masculine.
   D) Draw intricate patterns onto a traditional power suit.
8. A) Obtaining the woman's signature.                       C) Incorporating indigenous aspects into his work.
   B) Seeing the woman's new creations.                      D) Sharing more ideas with the woman next time.




 ・2025年 6 月六级真题（第二套），                                   10
 Section B
 Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They could readily recognize their owner simply by looking.
   B) They could understand the implications of human commands.
   C) They could be domesticated to act as our companions.
   D) They could follow pointing gestures without training.
 10.     A) Cultivating them to be intelligent creatures.
       B)   Training them to behave like domesticated dogs.
       C)   Understanding how humans impact their behavior.
       D)   Taking measures to reduce their numbers.
11.     A) Tame them through repeated training.                   C) Make them responsive to our commands.
       B)   Treat them with sensitivity and respect.              D) Watch their behavior and try to improve it.

Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12.     A) The temperature inside it varies from place to place.
       B)   Proper placement facilitates access to food products.
       C)   Its different shelves are designed for different purposes.
       D)   The space in an average fridge changes from top to bottom.
13. A) To slow the rising of temperature in it.                   C) To prevent germs from growing quickly.
       B) To provide a big box of evenly cold air.                D) To keep the food cold as long as possible.
14. A) On the top shelf.                                          C) On the inside of its doors.
       B) In the middle section.                                  D) At the back of its bottom shelf.
15. A) They will be extra-chilly.                                 C) They will be contaminated.
       B) They will be hard to defrost.                           D) They will be ruined.


Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings o f lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
though the centre.

Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16.     A) Chronic depression.                                    C)     Hip fracture.
       B)   Growing feebleness.                                   D)     Fatal infections.
17.     A) It feels real and relevant.                            C)     It outcompetes lots of academics5 research.
       B)   It contributes to psychology.                         D)     It wins recognition outside of Birmingham.
18.     A) By bringing together experts old and young.            C)     By making full use of her expertise.
       B) By counting on advanced modem technology.               D) By combining multiple perspectives.




                                                             11                              ,2 0 2 5 年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・
Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) They don't teach basic organization.                        C) They attach little importance to recipes.
    B) They don't focus on teaching techniques.                    D) They hire very few distinguished chefs.
20. A) It's unique to celebrity chefs.                             C) Ifs too demanding for them.
    B) It's a way of transformation.                               D) It's a way of life to them.
21. A) Respect others so as to be respected.                       C) Cultivate a habit of self-discipline.
    B) Use time and resources in a wise way.                       D) Learn from philosophers earnestly.

Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) The motive for hard work.                                   C) The basis for self-improvement.
    B) The reason for stagnation.                                  D) The justification fbr self-confidence.
23. A) Feel confidence, happiness and satisfaction.                C) Use a key tool for setting ambitious goals.
    B) Believe they have achieved their life goals.                D) Stop imagining further progress in life.
24. A) We feel we are always falling behind others.
    B) We have to adapt to the ever-changing goal.
    C) There are various misconceptions about goal setting.
    D) There are always problems with the goal originally set.
25. A) A noticeable change in the number of goals to achieve.
    B) Measuring always against the gap rather than the gain.
    C) Measuring where we've come from instead of measuring against the goal.
    D) A proper conception of what we fail to notice in trying to achieve our goals.


Part ID                               Reading Comprehension                                            (40 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word fa r each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank fallowing the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter: Please mark the corresponding letter fo r
each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any o f the words in the bank
more than once.

     No beast on Earth is tougher than the tiny tardigrade (缓步类动物).It can                     26    being frozen at -272°
Celsius, being exposed to the vacuum of outer space and even being              27    with 500 times the dose of X-rays
that would kill a human. In other words, the creature can endure conditions that don't even exist on Earth. And
researchers are looking to the microscopic animals to learn how to prepare humans and crops to handle the           28   of
space travel.
     The tardigrade^ indestructibility stems from its         29     to its environment- which may seem surprising,
since it lives in     30   comfortable places, like the cool, wet patches of moss (青 苔 ) that dot a garden wall.
     But it turns out that a tardigrade 5s damp, mossy home can dry out many times each year. Drying is
pretty     31       for most living things. It does damage to cells in some of the same ways that freezing, vacuum and
radiation do. Tardigrades, however, have      32   special strategies for dealing with these kinds of damage.
     As a tardigrade dries out, its cells produce several strange proteins that are unlike anything found in other animals.
In water, the proteins are shapeless. But as water disappears, the proteins self^assemble into long fibers that
fill the celfs       33    . The fibers support the cell's membranes ( 细 胞 膜 ) and proteins, preventing them from
breaking or      34 .

•2 0 2 5 年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・                                    12
     Emulating tardigrades could one day help humans colonize outer space. Food crops could be engineered to
produce tardigrade proteins, allowing these organisms to grow more efficiently on spacecraft where levels of radiation
are elevated compared with on Earth.
     So if humans ever succeed in reaching the stars, they may accomplish this      35   , in part, by standing on the
shoulders of the tiny eight-legged endurance specialists in your backyard.


    A) adaptations                                       I) rigors
    B) blasted                                           J) seemingly
    C) catastrophic                                      K) survive
    D) evolved                                           L) tempt
    E) feat                                              M) thrill
    F) interior                                          N) unanimously
    G) probing                                           O) unfolding
    H) recurrence


Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one o f the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

                  Yes, eating meat affects the environment, but cows are not killing the climate
A) As the scale and impacts of climate change become increasingly alarming, meat is a popular target for action.
   Advocates for the protection of the natural environment from destruction or pollution urge the public to eat
   less meat. Some activists have even called for taxing meat to reduce consumption of it.
B) A key claim underlying these arguments holds that globally, meat production generates more greenhouse
   gases than the entire transportation sector. However, this claim is demonstrably wrong, as I will show. And its
   persistence has led to false assumptions about the linkage between meat and climate change.
C) My recent research focuses on ways in which animal agriculture affects air quality and climate change. In my
   view, there are many reasons for either choosing animal protein or opting for a vegetarian selection. However,
   abandoning meat and meat products is not the environmental panacea (万灵药)many would have us believe.
   And if taken to an extreme, it also could have harmful nutritional consequences.
D) A healthy portion of m eafs negative reputation centers on the assertion that livestock is the largest source
   of greenhouse gases worldwide. For example, an analysis published in 2009 by the World Watch Institute
   based in Washington, D.C. asserted that 51 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions come from rearing
   and processing livestock. According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, the largest sources of U.S.
   greenhouse gas emissions in 2016 were electricity production (28 percent of total emissions), transportation
   (28 percent) and industry (22 percent). All of agriculture accounted for a total of 9 percent, but all of
   animal agriculture contributes less than half of this amount, representing 3.9 percent of the total greenhouse
   emission in the U.S. That is very different from claiming that livestock represents as much as or more than
   transportation.
E) Why is there such a misconception? In 2006 the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO)
   published a study titled “Livestock's Long Shadow,“ which received widespread international attention. It
   stated that livestock produced a staggering 18 percent of the world's greenhouse gas emissions. The agency

                                                          13                         •2 0 2 5 年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・
   drew a startling conclusion that livestock was doing more to harm the climate than all modes of transportation
   combined. This latter claim was wrong, and has since been corrected by Henning Stenfeld, the reporfs senior
   author.
F) The problem was that analysts from the FAO used a comprehensive life-cycle assessment to study the climate
   impact of livestock, but a different method when they analyzed transportation. For livestock, they considered
   every factor associated with producing meat. This included emissions from fertilizer production, converting
   land from forests to pastures, growing feed, and direct emissions from animals (manure as well as expelling
   of gas from the stomach) from birth to death.
G) However, when they looked at transportation's carbon footprint, they ignored impacts on the climate from
   manufacturing vehicle materials and parts, assembling vehicles and maintaining roads, bridges and airports.
   Instead, they only considered the exhaust smoke emitted by finished cars, trucks, trains and planes. As a
   result, the FAO's comparison of greenhouse gas emissions from livestock to those from transportation was
   greatly distorted.
H) I pointed out this flaw during a speech to fellow scientists in San Francisco on March 22, 2010, which led to a
   flood of media coverage. To its credit, the FAO immediately owned up to its error. Unfortunately, the agency's
   initial claim that livestock was responsible fbr the lion's share of world greenhouse gas emissions had already
   received wide coverage. To this day, we struggle to “unring“ the bell. In its most recent assessment report,
   the FAO estimated that livestock produces 14.5 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions from human
   activities. There is no comparable full life-cycle assessment fbr transportation. However, as Stenfeld has
   pointed out, direct emissions from transportation versus livestock can be compared and amount to 14 versus 5
   percent, respectively.
I) Many people continue to think that avoiding meat as infrequently as once a week will make a significant
   difference to the climate. But according to one recent study, even if Americans eliminated all animal protein
   from their diets, they would reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by only 2.6 percent. According to our
   research at the University of California, Davis, if the practice of Meatless Monday were to be adopted by all
   Americans, we'd see a reduction of only 0.5 percent.
J) Moreover, technological, genetic and management changes that have taken place in U.S. agriculture over the
   past 70 years have made livestock production more efficient and less greenhouse gas-intensive. According
   to the FAO's statistical database, total direct greenhouse gas emissions from U.S. livestock have declined by
   11.3 percent since 1961, while production of livestock meat has more than doubled.
K) Demand fbr meat is rising in developing and emerging economies, especially in the Middle East, North
   Africa and Southeast Asia. For example, raising livestock such as goats in Kenya is an important source of
   food and income fbr many small-scale farmers and herders. But meat consumption per person in these regions
   still lags that of developed countries. In 2015, average annual meat consumption per person in developed
   countries was 92 kilograms, compared to 24 kilograms in the Middle East and North Africa and 18 kilograms
   in Southeast Asia. Still, given projected population growth in the developing world, there will certainly be an
   opportunity fbr countries such as the United States to bring their sustainable livestock rearing practices to the
   table.
L) Removing animals from U.S. agriculture would lower national greenhouse gas emissions to a small degree,
   but it would also make it harder to meet people's nutritional requirements. Many critics of animal agriculture
   are quick to point out that if farmers raised only plants, they could produce more pounds of food and more
   calories per person. But humans also need many essential micro- and macro-nutrients fbr good health. It's
   hard to make a compelling argument that the United States has a calorie deficit, given its high national rates


,2 0 2 5 年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・                                14
    of adult and child obesity. Moreover, not all plant parts are edible or desirable. Raising livestock is a way to
    add nutritional and economic value to plant agriculture.
M) As one example, the energy in plants that livestock consume is most often contained in cellulose (纤维素),
   which is indigestible fbr humans and many other mammals. But cows, sheep and other ruminant (反刍的)
   animals can break cellulose down and release the solar energy contained in this vast resource. According
    to the FAO, as much as 70 percent of all agricultural land globally is range land that can only be utilized as
    grazing land fbr ruminant livestock.
N) The world population is currently projected to reach 9.8 billion by 2050. Feeding this many people will raise
    immense challenges. Meat is more calorie-dense per serving than vegetarian options, and ruminant animals
    largely thrive on feed that is not suitable fbr humans. Raising livestock also offers much-needed income fbr
   small-scale farmers in developing nations. Worldwide, livestock provides a livelihood fbr 1 billion people.
O) Climate change demands urgent attention, and the livestock industry has a large overall environmental
    footprint that affects air, water and land. These, combined with a rapidly rising world population, give us
    plenty of compelling reasons to continue to work fbr greater efficiencies in animal agriculture. I believe the
    place to start is with science-based facts.

36. The FAO concluded that farm animals were producing more greenhouse gases than all modes of
    transportation combined.
37. Consumption of meat per person in developing countries is much less than that in countries like the U.S.
38. The FAO was worthy of praise in that it admitted its mistake once it was pointed out.
39. Environmentalists try hard to make people consume less meat to combat climate change.
40. Recent research has shown that even if Americans quit eating meat altogether, the resulting reduction of
    greenhouse gases in the U.S. would be slight.
41. More than half of the world's farmland is suitable only for animals like cows to graze on.
42. The allegation that form animals produce the world's largest portion of greenhouse gases is responsible fbr
   meafs bad reputation.
43. Raising farm animals makes it easier to meet people's nutritional needs.
44. The author doesn't believe giving up meat and meat products will be a cure-all fbr the environmental
   problem.
45. Changes in America's farming technology and management in the past decades have increased efficiency and
   reduced greenhouse gas emissions in meat production.


Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each o f them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
    Why are we so worried about our careers? Partly ifs to do with money, but there's a psychological aspect to
our fears as well.
    We worry because we suspect- not wrongly- that the world is full of a frightening sort of person ready to
judge us ruthlessly and swiftly: a person we can call a snob.



                                                        15                          ・2025年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・
     A snob is anyone who takes a relatively small part of us and uses it to come to a rigid conclusion about how
much of their attention we deserve. In the past, that might be your ancestry and royal connections. Nowadays,
the snob cares about one thing only: what you do fbr a living.
     This explains why the first question we will be asked in any new social context is 'What do you do?' and
according to how we answer, snobs will either welcome us with broad smiles, or leave us in the cold.
     And that is why we are fired up by such a desperate urge to achieve and impress.
     Sometimes our behaviour is mistaken fbr greed and vanity, but it is more than this. A lot of our interest
in fancy cars, jobs and houses has nothing to do with materialism. It has to do with a hunger fbr the respect
and esteem that is only available in our societies through the acquisition of material goods. It isn't the goods
themselves we seek, it is the love we stand to gain through our possession of them. The next time we see
someone driving a Ferrari, we shouldn't condemn them fbr their greed, we should pity them fbr the intensity of
their need fbr love from the world.
     At the root of snobbery is a lack of imagination and confidence about how to decide who in the world is
valuable. The snobs are brutally misguided and slavish in their beliefs about how the superior individuals can be
identified. For snobs, it is the already acclaimed and already successful who are the only ones worthy of respect.
There is no room in their timid regimented minds to imagine that someone might be clever, kind or good- and
yet somehow have been overlooked entirely by society, their qualities lying hidden beneath an unfamiliar veil,
and having as yet discovered no obvious outlet.
    The true answer to snobbery is not to say that there is no such thing as a better or worse person, but to insist
that better or worse exist in constantly unexpected places and carry none of the outward signs of distinction. And
because we are such poor judges of the worth of others, our ultimate duty remains to be kind, good, curious and
imaginative about pretty much everyone who ever crosses our path.

46. What gives rise to our worry about careers apart from money?
   A) Fear of being judged in a snobbish manner.          C) The ruthless way employees are often treated.
   B) The prospect of facing fault-finding managers.      D) Fright at the difficulty in hunting fbr a job.
47. What do we learn from the passage about today's snobs?
   A) They try hard to dig into a person's past.             C) They judge a person by their occupation.
   B) They draw a rigid conclusion about people.             D) They tend to place people in a social context.
48. What does the author say about people's interest in material goods?
   A) It is the cause fbr condemnation of their greed.
   B) It has a lot to do with the comforts they provide.
   C) It arouses pity rather than respect from the wealthy.
   D) It arises from their craving fbr social recognition.
49. What kind of people do snobs deem worth respect and esteem?
   A) Those with fame and fortune.                           C) Those with intelligence and imagination.
   B) Those with regimented minds.                           D) Those with qualities lying hidden in disguise.
50. What does the author imply we should do to avoid being snobbish?
   A) Be aware there has never been such a thing as a better or worse person.
   B) Be kind to and curious about those who we happen to meet in our lives.
   C) Realize that better or worse keeps changing in unexpected ways.
   D) Judge people on the basis of their distinctive character traits.




•2 0 2 5 年 6 月六级真题（第二套）・                                16
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
     Women have historically been paid less. But in the US in the 1980s, they began to catch up— fast. During
that decade, the gender pay gap closed by about one percentage point a year. Had that trend continued, the gender
wage gap would have been closed by 2017.
     But the trend didn't continue, and the gap remains yawning.
    According to a new study from academ ics at Harvard, the stagnation can be put down, perhaps
counterintuitively, to the introduction of state and federal family leave policies.
    The academics argue that during the 1990s, as governments began to introduce leave policies, it was mainly
women who took advantage of them. Though the leave policies might have helped those women to stay in the
workplace- instead of dropping out to have families- those who returned saw their wages had increased at
lower rates than the men.
    After family leave was introduced in the US, in fact, the rate of gender wage convergence fell to just 0.03
percentage points per year, and has remained there ever since.
    Those monitoring the process towards salary equity at work have long watched as progress slowed in many
countries around the world. In fact, that progress began to reverse during the pandemic (大流行病).
    The gender pay gap is one of the most outstanding examples of that lack of parity (平等)，and still exists
just about everywhere. The motherhood penalty has become a shorthand fbr describing why: In many places,
especially rich countries, women earn the same as men until they reach their childbearing years. Women who
have children begin to see their salaries slip behind their male counterparts.
    Part of this is because women take on more of the unpaid labor at home, which can eat into time available
fbr work and energy fbr career advancement. But ifs also because mothers are passed over fbr raises and
promotion, and because time out of the workplace sets women back, even if that time is taken voluntarily, and
supported by company or government policy.
    What would have happened if leave policies hadn't been introduced? The study doesn't go into that question,
other than to say that if the 1980s trend continued, we would have been at parity by now.
    It's possible, however, that the journey towards wage parity would have stalled either way. If women5s gains
in the 1980s were made through the erasure of things like bias, once those less uncontrollable problems had been
addressed, there would still have been an issue with women- who are the ones to bear children and take care of
them in the early weeks because of biological factors like the ability to breastfeed, forcing them to take breaks,
whether or not those breaks were mandated.

51. What do we learn about the gender pay gap in the US during the 1980s?
   A) It was being slowly closed.                             C) It started to yawn.
   B) It was shrinking rapidly.                               D) It remained substantial.
52. What happened with the introduction of state and federal family leave policies?
   A) The process towards salary equity at work began to reverse.
   B) The rate of gender wage convergence started to fall noticeably.
   C) The trend of women returning to work after childbirth started.
   D) The narrowing of the gender pay gap attracted more attention.
53. What partly accounts fbr the slip in women's salaries?
   A) The insufficient motivation women generally have fbr career advancement.
   B) The opportunities numerous women give up fbr pay raise and promotion.



                                                         17                            • 2025年 6 月 六 级 真 题 （第 二 套 ）・
   C) The huge amounts of time and energy women spend taking care of the family.
   D) The lack of policy support from government and business corporations.
54. What does the new study say about wage parity?
   A) It would have stalled if those controllable problems had not been addressed.
   B) It would have halted if company and government had not worked together.
   C) It would have been achieved with the complete erasure of gender biases.
   D) It would have been attained with the continuation of the 1980s trend.
55. What prevents women from achieving parity with men in the final analysis?
   A) Ignoring biases against women in the workplace. C) Failing to mandate breaks for childbirth and care.
   B) Giving birth to children and taking care of them. D) Lacking resources to address biological problems.


Part IV                                  Translation                                      (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

  粤港澳大湾区( Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay A rea) 具有得天独厚的地理位置，拥有
完善的交通基础设施和丰富 的产业资源。大湾区是中国 开放程度最高、经济活力最 强的区域之一，在
国家经济发展中具有重要的 战略地位。大湾区不仅将建成充满活力的世界级城市群和具有全球影响力
的国际科技创新中心，还将 打造成适合工作、购物、旅 游的优质生活圈。随着改革开放的不断深入，
大湾区的建设将进一步推动区域经济发展。到 2035年 ，大湾区将实现成为国际一流湾区的目标。




 ・2025年 6 月 六 级 真 题 (第 二 套 )・                        18
