                大学英语六级考试2025年 1 2 月 真 题 （第 二 套 ）
Part I                                            Writing                                            (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write an essay that begins with the sentence “While
striving for the Chinese Dream, young people enjoy more opportunities to realize their selAworth." You can
make comments, cite examples or use your personal experiences to develop your essay. You should write at least
150 words but no more than 200 words.
You should copy the sentence given in quotes at the beginning of your essay.


Part II                               Listening Comprehension                                        (30 minutes)
Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear two long conversations. At the end o f each conversation, you will hear
four questions. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you
 must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter
on Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

Questions 1 to 4 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
1. A) It is absurdly expensive.                                 C) It brings shame on the university.
     B) It is appropriately priced.                             D) It caters to students and teachers.
2. A) They never really appeal to her.                          C) They are within students5 budgets.
     B) They are never actually good value.                     D) They always come at a high speed.
3. A) The food.                                                 C) The speed.
     B) The space.                                              D) The environment.
4. A) A complete refurnishing.                                  C) A substantial expansion.
     B) A ruinous burning down.                                 D) A massive renovation.

Questions 5 to 8 are based on the conversation you have just heard.
5.   A) They have a poor work ethic.                            C) They are struggling in the workplace.
     B)   They don't get along with managers.                   D) They aren't as varied as their predecessors.
6.   A) Learning about the way they adhere to their own values.
     B)   Recognizing how they try to strike a work-life balance.
     C)   Knowing how they struggle to connect with managers.
     D)   Understanding the way they seek career advancement.
7.   A) In terms of the number of hours spent.                  C) In terms of the work done in 8 hours.
     B)   By the amount of work they perform.                   D) By the quality of the work they do.
8.   A) Those whose culture facilitates their advancement.       C) Those whose values align with their own.
     B)   Those allowing them to do projects of their choice.     D) Those refraining from discrediting their perspectives.


Section B
Directions: In this section, you will hear two passages. At the end o f each passage, you will hear three or four
questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must
choose the best answer from the four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on
Answer Sheet 1 with a single line through the centre.

 ■2025年 12月六级真题（第二套）•                                    10
Questions 9 to 11 are based on the passage you have just heard.
9. A) They may unconsciously help customers choose greener dishes.
   B) They may unintentionally encourage customers to eat meat.
   C) They raise customers' environmental awareness.
   D) They enable customers to eat in a healthy way.
10. A) By inviting them to taste different kinds of food.
   B) By observing the eating behaviour of strict vegetarians.
   C) By comparing participants eating vegetarian food frequently with those doing so rarely.
   D) By requiring participants to choose a meal as if they were feasting at a family gathering.
11. A) They are less likely to choose a vegetarian dish.
   B) They find vegetarian dishes become more appealing.
   C) They tend to consume larger portions of unhealthy food.
   D) They are less likely to choose dishes recommended by chefs.

Questions 12 to 15 are based on the passage you have just heard.
12. A) They have found a solution to the global problem of air pollution.
   B) They have managed to freeze polluting particles to around -18℃.
   C) They have been seeking a way to prevent pollutants from penetrating indoors.
   D) They have been cooperating closely on developing a new type of air-conditioner.
13. A) They can be costly and inefficient.                    C) They are by-products of health research.
   B) They are constantly being perfected.                    D) They can save over 40,000 lives each year.
14. A) They keep their windows closed.                        C) They make more use of air-conditioners.
   B) They spend a lot more time indoors.                 D) They try various ways to purify indoor air.
15. A) It shows the importance of eliminating indoor pollution.
   B) It may change the way of future environmental research.
   C) It demonstrates the fruitful cooperation between UK and Chinese scientists.
   D) It may make household appliances serve an additional air cleaner function.


Section C
Directions: In this section, you will hear three recordings o f lectures or talks followed by three or four questions.
The recordings will be played only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the
four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Then mark the corresponding letter on Answer sheet 1 with a single line
 though the centre.

Questions 16 to 18 are based on the recording you have just heard.
16. A) It distinguishes different species of animals.
   B) It reflects distinct traits in animal behaviour.
   C) It demonstrates animals5 ability to recognise themselves.
   D) It gauges the level of intelligence of various animal species.
17. A) It meets few of the behavioural criteria set in the mirror test.
   B) It behaves similarly to animals capable of self-recognition.
   C) It removes marks from itself to show self-awareness.
   D) It matches children over 18 months in intelligence.
18. A) They have conclusively established the criteria of animal intelligence.
   B) They have advanced the concept of self-awareness to a higher level.
                                                    11                               • 2025年 12月六级真题(第二套)•
    C) They incorporate more perspectives than one.
    D) They raise more questions than answers.

Questions 19 to 21 are based on the recording you have just heard.
19. A) Small children are even more keen on screens than their elders.
    B) Both parents and children preferred to read electronic books.
    C) Parents differed from children in reading behavior.
    D) Children reading electronic books learned more.
20. A) They came to conflicting conclusions.                 C) They yielded unanticipated findings.
   B) They were based on small samples.                     D) They were focused on younger kids.
21. A) Those that prove simple enough fbr them to comprehend.
   B) Those that produce both audio and visual effects on them.
   C) Those that draw their attention to the educational content.
   D) Those that contribute to their increased interest in reading.

Questions 22 to 25 are based on the recording you have just heard.
22. A) Regret having wasted much time in making them. C) Keep ourselves from regretting them.
   B) Think how different we could have made them.      D) Live with them for the time being.
23. A) It has made us the person we are now.            C) It stems from our valuable knowledge.
   B) It has been made with a lot of thinking.          D) It benefits us greatly one way or another.
24. A) Challenging things to do.                        C) Choices to make.
   B) Beautiful things to share.                        D) Lessons to learn.
25. A) Foreseeing the possibility for regret later.     C) Perfecting the decision-making strategies.
   B) Making proper use of the lessons learned.         D) Seeing them as obstacles to moving forward.


Part HI                           Reading Comprehension                                         (40 minutes)
Section A
 Directions: In this section, there is a passage with ten blanks. You are required to select one word for each blank
from a list o f choices given in a word bank following the passage. Read the passage through carefully before
 making your choices. Each choice in the bank is identified by a letter. Please mark the corresponding letter for
 each item on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre. You may not use any o f the words in the bank
 more than once.

     We humans love to believe we are special, but science and technology have repeatedly proved this
conviction wrong. People 26 thought that humans were the only animals to use tools, to form teams or to
propagate culture, but science has shown that other animals do each of these things.
     Meanwhile, technology has quashed ( 使 无 效 ),one by one, claims that 27 tasks require a human brain.
The first adding machine was invented in 1623. This past year, a computer-generated work won an art contest. I
believe the moment when computers meet and 28 human intelligence is on the horizon.
     How will human intelligence and creativity be valued when machines become smarter and more creative
than the brightest people? There will likely be a spectrum. In some 29 、people still value humans doing
things, even if a computer can do it better. It's been a quarter of a century since a computer beat world champion
Garry Kasparov, but human chess hasn't gone away.
      In other fields, human skill will seem costly and 30 . Take illustration fbr example: most readers don't
care whether the graphic 31 a magazine article was drawn by a person or a computer- they just want it to be
relevant, new and perhaps 32 .
 • 2025年 12月六级真题(第二套)・                                    12
    And, of course, this question isn't black or white. Many fields will be a 33 . where some humans find a
lucky place, but most of the work is done by computers, like in manufacturing today, where, much of the work is
accomplished by robots, but some humans must be there to 34 the machines.
    If history is any guide, ifs almost certain that advances in AI will cause more jobs to 35 , that creative
workers with human-only skills will become richer but fewer in number, and that those who own creative
technology will become the new ultra-rich.

    A) accompanying                                   I) once
    B) cognitive                                      J) oversee
    C) domains                                        K) redundant
    D) entertaining                                   L) stances
    E) evoking                                        M) surpass
    F) hybrid                                         N) tentatively
    G) impetus                                        0 ) vanish
    H) intuitive

Section B
Directions: In this section, you are going to read a passage with ten statements attached to it. Each statement
contains information given in one o f the paragraphs. Identify the paragraph from which the information is
derived. You may choose a paragraph more than once. Each paragraph is marked with a letter. Answer the
questions by marking the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2.

                                     Do You Know When to Quit Wisely?
A) Projects, relationships, and jobs don't always work out as planned- and it's not always clear when to give up.
   We've all repeatedly heard the saying that “quitters never win,“ but sometimes the best decision is to cut our
   losses.
B) Think about that relationship you held on to even after it had run its course or the job you stayed in despite
   your boss making you miserable. Many of us try to hold onto the last ray of hope, thinking we can make it
   work, whatever "it" is. And while perseverance is generally an excellent quality, it may also incline you to
   over-invest in something that is no longer a good idea.
C) As an executive coach, I work with numerous passionate and hard-working leaders who don't want to Uquit.^^
   But the smartest leaders learn to discern the difference between quitting too soon and holding onto something
   that they shouldn't.
D) We are all susceptible to the sunk-cost delusion, an unconscious bias that leads us to persist in an endeavor we
   have already invested time, effort, or money into- even when abandoning it would be more beneficial. We
   realize that we can't get back the resources we've given, so we persevere- investing in a project that should
   be halted, staying in a relationship that should be over, or finishing a book we no longer enjoy and should
   put down, because we're already halfway through it. If quitting is “not your thing,5, you may be especially
   susceptible to this bias.
E) The sunk-cost delusion causes us to overly worry about what we511 lose if we move on and not think enough
   about the costs of not moving on. To offset this bias, deliberately refocus your thinking on the gains so you
   can more objectively weigh the alternatives. Ask yourself: What might I gain by cutting my losses now?
   Will you be happier or have time for another (better) opportunity? Then ask yourself: What will it cost me to
   soldier on? For example, is it possible that you'll be throwing more good money after what you've already
                                                        13                         • 2025年 12月六级真题(第二套)•
   lost? Or that you won't have the energy to capitalize on other promising possibilities?
F) The illusion of control can also interfere with our best judgment, leading us to overestimate our ability to
   control events and attain a positive outcome. This bias gives us a sense of agency and can promote mental
   health. However, the bias can also result in escalating commitment to a losing course of action. Especially
   when combined with an "I'm not a quitter“ mentality, feeling like we have more control over an event or
   person than we do puts us at risk of doubling down when we should pull out.
G) To counteract this bias, consider your situation and make a simple two-column list of what's in your control
   and what's not. Think rigorously. While you may be able to influence other people and various circumstances,
   you can't force them to change or go your way.
H) Getting clear on what you can control and what you can't is essential to making a quality decision about
   whether to call it quits or persevere. With a written list in hand, you can ensure you focus on what you can
   control and better assess whether your continued efforts are worth the expense. Expending effort and emotion
   on things you can't control can be both draining and disempowering.
I) Research indicates that people link their self-identity and social status to their commitments. And because we
   identify with our commitments, withdrawing from one can feel like a threat to our identity or status.
J) Take my client Ryan, a leader at a technology company. Ryan had invested two years and a lot of effort in a
   design project that wasn't delivering the needed outcomes, but the thought of abandoning it after all she had
   put in was hard to bear. As Ryan and I explored whether she should cancel the initiative she'd been leading
   or continue to persevere, she stated, “The thing is, I'm not a quitter.^^ This singular, fixed sense of self was
   clouding her judgment and limiting her choices for action.
K) Our self-concept and identity are mental concepts that influence our behavior. If you strongly identify as not
   being a quitter, you can end up staying stuck in a course of action due to your narrow and rigid self-concept.
   To overcome this kind of internal obstacle, recall your other positive traits and personality characteristics.
   Ask yourself: What additional strengths do I have (or aspire to have) that would be helpful to employ here?
   For example, when I asked Ryan what other positive qualities from her personality she needed to leverage for
   decision making, she replied, "Discernment and bravery.^^
L) Now, examine your situation through the lens of each of these facets of yourself. What does the discerning
   part of you say? The brave part? Considering your decision through these different characteristics will enable
   you to see that you have more choices. Ifs also helpful to seek external sources of information, rather than
   relying solely on your thinking and instincts. But it's important to think through whose opinions you solicit.
M) Ideally, seek out people who are less invested in your decision than you are. If you're considering whether
   to shut down your entrepreneurial venture, for instance, reach out to other founders as opposed to just your
   business partner. Similarly, if you're looking for love advice, ask someone removed from the ups and downs
   of your relationship instead of relying only on your best friend. In all cases, I recommend describing your
   situation and following up with a question like: t4How would you manage this situation?^^
N) Alternately, you could also seek out hard data that illuminates your real chance of success in whatever
   endeavor you are contemplating. Sticking with the example of the entrepreneurial venture, numbers are your
   best friend. Use them to remove yourself from the love you have for this idea and consider your bum rate
   relative to growth plan, industry growth rates, and other factors that predict start-up success. External sources
   of information can help you see angles and possibilities you might not have considered.
O) When something that seemed so promising at the start doesn't turn out the way we imagined, we can become
   overly self^critical. Nobody likes to feel that they've made a poor decision, especially if making intelligent

,2 0 2 5 年 12月六级真题（第二套）•                                14
   decisions is a quality you hold in high esteem. The most effective strategy here is to give yourself a break.
   Practicing self-compassion increases your resilience (韧性)，emotional intelligence, compassion toward
   others, and can boost your performance as well as help you develop a growth mindset.
P) Instead of deliberating and criticizing yourself, fbcus instead on what you can learn from this situation. For
   example, Ryan recognized she had developed various new skills and leadership capabilities from leading the
   design project. And despite ultimately deciding to drop it, she was still happy she had tried and grateful for
   what the experience taught her.
Q) Undeniably, perseverance can help us succeed. But for your wellbeing, ifs important to learn how to
   distinguish quitting too soon and clinging to a losing course of action. While letting go can be difficult, it will
   free up your time, energy, and mental space to imagine new possibilities and pursue new opportunities.

36. Feeling like they have more control over something or someone than they do, people get more committed to
   their pursuit when they should give up.
37. If you regard yourself as one who never quits, you may end up trapped in your course of action.
38. One of the author's clients found it hard to give up a design project, in which she had put in a lot of time and
   effort.
39. The author suggests that one should direct their thoughts to the gains of quitting timely so as to move on.
40. When making a decision, you'd better ask for opinions of those who have less stake in your decision.
41. For people associating their identity with their commitments, quitting can feel like their identity is
   threatened.
42. People who regard highly the quality of making wise decisions do not feel good when they make a bad one.
43. The wisest leaders learn to distinguish between giving up too soon and sticking with something irrationally.
44. When people are thinking of an endeavor, they should dig out reliable data that tells them how likely they are
   to succeed.
45. Having a clear view of whafs in your control and whafs not is vital to making a good decision regarding
   whether to give up or stick it out.


Section C
Directions: There are 2 passages in this section. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished
statements. For each o f them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best
choice and mark the corresponding letter on Answer Sheet 2 with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 46 to 50 are based on the following passage.
    As interdependent beings we cannot thrive independent of others. We like to work with people who are like­
minded, with whom we share a common interest, or who also believe in a cause we are serious about. This is
evident in how we have organised ourselves into various collective groups such as nations, regions, communities,
organisations, and families.
    Does the group you belong to have a strong collective consciousness or shared beliefs? Is there
interdependence among its members? Do you consider this group a significant part of your existence? If your
answers are affirmative, then you are experiencing a micro version of solidarity.
    What is solidarity? Its simplest definition in the dictionary is: "...a unifying opinion, feeling, purpose or
interest among a group of people.^^

                                                         15                          • 2025 年 1 2 月 六 级 真 题 （第 二 套 ）•
    In this increasingly diverse society we live in, solidarity takes on a complex and multifaceted character as
it forms bonds of interdependence among unique individuals living in a fast-changing environment and working
within a complex division of labour.
    One facet of solidarity fits well with the principles o f communitarianism (社群主义). In this setting,
individuals give up their own interests to serve the common good. However, its strict adherence to social
cohesiveness and exclusiveness restricts expression and practice of individual differences and preferences.
Consequently, individuality and autonomy is sacrificed to maintain the unity of the group.
    Solidarity is also viewed as a reaction to the extreme emphasis on individualism and freedom of choice. It
goes against the liberal idea of unrestricted individuals who see society as a hindrance to their freedom to make
choices and to act according to what is good fbr them regardless of how these will affect others.
    But despite its many facets, social theorists have viewed solidarity as a key factor in bringing about
order and progress in society. They believe that for human society to survive as it becomes more diverse,
more new bonds need to be formed based on the differences. In the light o f this, they regard a genuine
solidarity as more than just shallow relationships based on common interests. Solidarity is not just a product
of strategic calculations of how much it will benefit the self. It is not an exclusive class founded on the you-
and-me-against-the-world principle. Rather, it is inclusive and is not forced. Acting out of solidarity means
supporting and standing up for each other一 in recognition that one's fate is in the fate o f the other. It is a
bond characterised by cooperative practices and strengthened by the concern for the well-being o f others
or the common good. It fights for the protection of human dignity and listens to and acts on the cries of the
most vulnerable.

46. What does the author say about human beings?
   A) They cannot prosper without cooperating with each other.
   B) They share a common interest and believe in a just cause.
   C) They think and behave alike in different social groups.
   D) They cannot gain independence without fighting fbr it.
47. What do we learn about solidarity in an increasingly diverse society?
   A) It gives rise to a complicated division of labour.
   B) It involves many aspects with great complexity.
   C) It brings individuals together as environment changes.
   D) It embraces the characteristics of different individuals.
48. What would we witness in the setting of communitarianism?
   A) Ruling of social norms and ridding of individuality.
   B) Emphasis on the adherence to individual differences.
   C) Sacrifice of personal interests fbr the common good.
   D) Elimination of individualism and personal choices.
49. What does solidarity entail according to the passage?
    A) A limit to personal differences.                         C) A hindrance to social advancement.
    B) An opposition to individualism.                          D) An inevitable end to liberal pursuits.
50. What do social theorists think of solidarity?
    A) It is especially relevant to the most vulnerable.        C) It is essential to progress and order in society.
    B) It is most effective in protecting human dignity.        D) It is indispensable to avoiding shallow relationships.


 • 2025 年 1 2 月六级真题（第二套）•                                  16
Passage Two
Questions 51 to 55 are based on the following passage.
     People who repeatedly give unwanted advice can be well-meaning and genuinely want to help. Others might
do this out of a sense of self-worth around the ability to influence others. One study found that people with a high
tendency to seek power were more likely to give advice than those with an opposite tendency.
     Under the guise (夕卜表)of unselfishness, people may be driven to give you unwanted advice because it
makes them feel powerful or in control. They may not be fully aware of this drive, however.
     These people may also display a problematic degree of emotional vulnerability, becoming upset very
quickly, and taking a long time to calm down. It is possible that their emotions were only validated in childhood
when they were at their loudest, encouraging them to adopt responses to discomfort that are excessive in most
situations.
     When someone is giving advice in order to make themselves feel more powerful, there is underlying anxiety
to their behavior that recipients of the advice tend to notice. It can be tempting in this situation to react harshly
to the advice giver and to accuse them of being manipulative, but this approach might produce an undesirable
result.
     If the act of giving advice is contributing actively to someone's feelings of self-worth, an outright (直率的)
rejection may be perceived as a threat, activating their fight-or-flight response, possibly causing them to double
down on their validation-seeking behavior, or leading to a larger conflict.
     The key is to validate without over-identifying. You can let them know that you have heard them and
appreciate where they are coming from without taking on the potentially damaging narrative that you could not
have gotten by without their help. You had better say something like, “Thanks fbr the idea. I have my own plan
for handling this, but I really appreciate your perspective and will take it into consideration. Can I let you know
when I need help in the future?^^
     If you have trouble setting boundaries tactfully, prioritize working on your own ability to self-regulate. As
uncomfortable as it may make you continuously receiving unwanted advice, if you can respond with compassion,
the situation will likely diffuse much faster.
     Though it is usually not the intended outcome of giving unsolicited advice, many who receive it often feel
stressed, offended, or simply annoyed by unwanted suggestions. Setting a boundary in this regard, if you feel you
need one, is perfectly reasonable and something that can bring you increased emotional safety.
     It is best to set boundaries in a way that takes into account the individual's underlying reasons for doing
what they are doing to avoid unnecessary conflict and more stress.

51. What is the finding of one study about people who keep giving unsolicited advice?
   A) They turn out to be well-meaning.                       C) They are capable of influencing others.
   B) They are genuinely kind-hearted.                        D) They are inclined to crave fbr power.
52. What is the problem with people who are driven to give you unsolicited advice?
   A) They may be quick to upset others.                      C) They want their voice to be the loudest.
   B) They may be emotionally vulnerable.                     D) They respond to discomfort excessively.
53. What is the advice receiver tempted to do when noticing the advice giver's underlying anxiety?
   A) Reveal the undesirable result of their approach.        C) Bring their real motives to the surface.
   B) Refuse their advice in an undisguised manner.           D) Accuse them of trying to control others.

                                                         17                          • 2025 年 1 2 月六级真题（第二套）•
54. How is the advice giver likely to react to the rejection of their advice?
   A) They may regard it as a threat.                         C) They get ready for a larger conflict.
   B) They may modify their behavior.                         D) They begin to doubt their self-worth.
55. What should the advice receiver do to avoid unnecessary conflict?
   A) Concede the advice is perfectly reasonable.
   B) Give their reasons for not taking the advice.
   C) Understand why the advice giver offers the advice.
   D) Explain their chosen way of handling the situation.


Part IV                                     Translation                                           (30 minutes)
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to translate a passage from Chinese into English. You
should write your answer on Answer Sheet 2.

    中华民族崇尚自强自立的精神，这一精神深植于中国文化之中，是民族生存与发展的重要支撑。
改革开放以来，中国在自强自立的征程上，持续加大科研投入，在信息技术、人工智能、航天工程等
领域不断取得新突破。5 G 网络覆盖全国，远程医疗发展迅速，电子支付的使用全球领先，嫦娥探月工
程展现了航天领域引人注目的发展。 自强自立精神成为推动国家现代化进程的强大动力，激励着中国
人民为实现民族复兴(rejuvenation)的中国梦不断奋进。




                                                                                                         扫码看详解
                                                                                                         六级轻松过




 • 2025年 12月六级真题(第二套) •                                  18
